Look up word:  After
	AFTER
	Aft"er, a. Etym: [AS. æfter after, behind; akin to Goth. aftaro,
	aftra, backwards, Icel. aptr, Sw. and Dan. efter, OHG. aftar behind,
	Dutch and LG. achter, Gr. -ter is an old comparative suffix, in E.
	generally -ther (as in other), and after is a compar. of of, off. Of;
	cf. Aft.]
	
	1. Next; later in time; subsequent; succeeding; as, an after period
	of life. Marshall.
	
	Note: In this sense the word is sometimes needlessly combined with
	the following noun, by means of a hyphen, as, after-ages, after-act,
	after-days, after-life. For the most part the words are properly kept
	separate when after has this meaning.
	
	2. Hinder; nearer the rear. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: To ward the stern of the ship; -- applied to any object in the
	rear part of a vessel; as the after cabin, after hatchway.
	
	Note: It is often combined with its noun; as, after-bowlines, after-
	braces, after-sails, after-yards, those on the mainmasts and
	mizzenmasts. After body (Naut.), the part of a ship abaft the dead
	flat, or middle part.
	
	AFTER
	Aft"er, prep.
	
	1. Behind in place; as, men in line one after another. "Shut doors
	after you." Shak.
	
	2. Below in rank; next to in order. Shak.
	Codrus after PhDryden.
	
	3. Later in time; subsequent; as, after supper, after three days. It
	often precedes a clause. Formerly that was interposed between it and
	the clause.
	After I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee. Matt.
	xxvi. 32.
	
	4. Subsequent to and in consequence of; as, after what you have said,
	I shall be careful.
	
	5. Subsequent to and notwithstanding; as, after all our advice, you
	took that course.
	
	6. Moving toward from behind; following, in search of; in pursuit of.
	Ye shall not go after other gods. Deut. vi. 14.
	After whom is the king of Israel come out 1 Sam. xxiv. 14.
	
	7. Denoting the aim or object; concerning; in relation to; as, to
	look after workmen; to inquire after a friend; to thirst after
	righteousness.
	
	8. In imitation of; in conformity with; after the manner of; as, to
	make a thing after a model; a picture after Rubens; the boy takes
	after his father. To name or call after, to name like and reference
	to.
	Our eldest son was named George after his uncle. Goldsmith.
	
	9. According to; in accordance with; in conformity with the nature
	of; as, he acted after his kind.
	He shall not judge after the sight of his eyes. Isa. xi. 3.
	They that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh. Rom.
	viii. 5.
	
	10. According to the direction and influence of; in proportion to;
	befitting. [Archaic]
	He takes greatness of kingdoms according to bulk and currency, and
	not after their intrinsic value. Bacon.
	After all, when everything has been considered; upon the whole.
	 -- After (with the same noun preceding and following), as, wave
	after wave, day after day, several or many (waves, etc.)
	successively.
	 -- One after another, successively.
	 -- To be after, to be in pursuit of in order to reach or get; as, he
	is after money.
	
	AFTER
	Aft"er, adv.
	
	Defn: Subsequently in time or place; behind; afterward; as, he
	follows after.
	It was about the space of three hours after. Acts. v. 7.
	
	Note: After is prefixed to many words, forming compounds, but
	retaining its usual signification. The prefix may be adverbial,
	prepositional, or adjectival; as in after- described, after-dinner,
	after-part. The hyphen is sometimes needlessly used to connect the
	adjective after with its noun. See Note under After, a., 1.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  signatures
	Word not found
	SIGNATURES

Look up word:  are
	ARE
	Are. Etym: [AS. (Northumbrian) aron, akin to the 1st pers. pl. forms,
	Icel. erum, Goth. sijum, L. sumus, Gr. smas; all from a root as. Am
	and Is, and cf. Be.]
	
	Defn: The present indicative plural of the substantive verb to be;
	but etymologically a different word from be, or was. Am, art, are,
	and is, all come from the root as.
	
	ARE
	Are, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. area. See Area.] (Metric system)
	
	Defn: The unit of superficial measure, being a square of which each
	side is ten meters in length; 100 square meters, or about 119.6
	square yards.
	

Look up word:  folded
	Word not found
	FOLDED

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  gathered
	Word not found
	GATHERED

Look up word:  they
	THEY
	They, pron. pl.; poss. Theirs; obj. Them. Etym: [Icel. þeir they,
	properly nom. pl. masc. of sa, su, þat, a demonstrative pronoun, akin
	to the English definite article, AS. se, seó, edhæt, nom. pl. edha.
	See That.]
	
	Defn: The plural of he, she, or it. They is never used adjectively,
	but always as a pronoun proper, and sometimes refers to persons
	without an antecedent expressed.
	Jolif and glad they went unto here [their] rest And casten hem [them]
	full early for to sail. Chaucer.
	They of Italy salute you. Heb. xiii. 24.
	Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness.
	Matt. v. 6.
	
	Note: They is used indefinitely, as our ancestors used man, and as
	the French use on; as, they say (French on dit), that is, it is said
	by persons not specified.
	

Look up word:  move
	MOVE
	Move, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Moved; p. pr. & vb. n. Moving.] Etym: [OE.
	moven, OF. moveir, F. mouvoir, L. movere; cf. Gr. miv, p.p. muta, to
	move, push. Cf. Emotion, Mew to molt, Mob, Mutable, Mutiny.]
	
	1. To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in
	motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another; to
	impel; to stir; as, the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a
	carriage.
	
	2. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to
	another, according to the rules of the game; as, to move a king.
	
	3. To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by
	representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.
	Minds desirous of revenge were not moved with gold. Knolles.
	No female arts his mind could move. Dryden.
	
	4. To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to
	tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite, as an
	emotion. Shak.
	When he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them.
	Matt. ix. 36.
	[The use of images] in orations and poetry is to move pity or terror.
	Felton.
	
	5. To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for
	consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to
	submit, as a resolution to be adopted; as, to move to adjourn.
	Let me but move one question to your daughter. Shak.
	They are to be blamed alike who move and who decline war upon
	particular respects. Hayward.
	
	6. To apply to, as for aid. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To stir; agitate; trouble; affect; persuade; influence; actuate;
	impel; rouse; prompt; instigate; incite; induce; incline; propose;
	offer.
	
	MOVE
	Move, v. i.
	
	1. To change place or posture; to stir; to go, in any manner, from
	one place or position to another; as, a ship moves rapidly.
	The foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken, because he
	was wroth. Ps. xviii. 7.
	On the green bank I sat and listened long, ... Nor till her lay was
	ended could I move. Dryden.
	
	2. To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as, to move in a
	matter.
	
	3. To change residence; to remove, as from one house, town, or state,
	to another.
	
	4. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of
	the game.
	
	MOVE
	Move, n.
	
	1. The act of moving; a movement.
	
	2. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: The act of moving one of the pieces, from one position to
	another, in the progress of the game.
	
	3. An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of
	a plan or purpose. To make a move. (a) To take some action. (b) To
	move a piece, as in a game.
	 -- To be on the move, to bustle or stir about. [Colloq.]
	

Look up word:  into
	INTO
	In"to, prep. Etym: [In + to.]
	
	Defn: To the inside of; within. It is used in a variety of
	applications.
	
	1. Expressing entrance, or a passing from the outside of a thing to
	its interior parts; -- following verbs expressing motion; as, come
	into the house; go into the church; one stream falls or runs into
	another; water enters into the fine vessels of plants.
	
	2. Expressing penetration beyond the outside or surface, or access to
	the inside, or contents; as, to look into a letter or book; to look
	into an apartment.
	
	3. Indicating insertion; as, to infuse more spirit or animation into
	a composition.
	
	4. Denoting inclusion; as, put these ideas into other words.
	
	5. Indicating the passing of a thing from one form, condition, or
	state to another; as, compound substances may be resolved into others
	which are more simple; ice is convertible into water, and water into
	vapor; men are more easily drawn than forced into compliance; we may
	reduce many distinct substances into one mass; men are led by
	evidence into belief of truth, and are often enticed into the
	commission of crimes'into; she burst into tears; children are
	sometimes frightened into fits; all persons are liable to be seduced
	into error and folly.
	
	Note: Compare In.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  bindery
	BINDERY
	Bind"er*y, n.
	
	Defn: A place where books, or other articles, are bound; a
	bookbinder's establishment.
	

Look up word:  In
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  middle
	MIDDLE
	Mid"dle, a. Etym: [OE. middel, AS. middel; akin to D. middel, OHG.
	muttil, G. mittel. Mid, a.]
	
	1. Equally distant from the extreme either of a number of things or
	of one thing; mean; medial; as, the middle house in a row; a middle
	rank or station in life; flowers of middle summer; men of middle age.
	
	2. Intermediate; intervening.
	Will, seeking good, finds many middle ends. Sir J. Davies.
	
	Note: Middle is sometimes used in the formation of selfexplaining
	compounds; as, middle-sized, middle-witted. Middle Ages, the period
	of time intervening between the decline of the Roman Empire and the
	revival of letters. Hallam regards it as beginning with the sixth and
	ending with the fifteenth century.
	 -- Middle class, in England, people who have an intermediate
	position between the aristocracy and the artisan class. It includes
	professional men, bankers, merchants, and small landed proprietors
	The middle-class electorate of Great Britain. M. Arnold.
	-- Middle distance. (Paint.) See Middle-ground.
	 -- Middle English. See English, n., 2.
	 -- Middle Kingdom, China.
	 -- Middle oil (Chem.), that part of the distillate obtained from
	coal tar which passes over between 170º and 230º Centigrade; --
	distinguished from the light, and the heavy or dead, oil.
	 -- Middle passage, in the slave trade, that part of the Atlantic
	Ocean between Africa and the West Indies.
	 -- Middle post. (Arch.) Same as King-post.
	 -- Middle States, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware;
	which, at the time of the formation of the Union, occupied a middle
	position between the Eastern States (or New England) and the Southern
	States. [U.S.] -- Middle term (Logic), that term of a syllogism with
	which the two extremes are separately compared, and by means of which
	they are brought together in the conclusion. Brande.
	 -- Middle tint (Paint.), a subdued or neutral tint. Fairholt.
	 -- Middle voice. (Gram.) See under Voice.
	 -- Middle watch, the period from midnight to four A. M.; also, the
	men on watch during that time. Ham. Nav. Encyc.
	 -- Middle weight, a pugilist, boxer, or wrestler classed as of
	medium weight, i. e., over 140 and not over 160 lbs., in distinction
	from those classed as light weights, heavy weights, etc.
	
	MIDDLE
	Mid"dle, n. Etym: [AS. middel. See Middle, a.]
	
	Defn: The point or part equally distant from the extremities or
	exterior limits, as of a line, a surface, or a solid; an intervening
	point or part in space, time, or order of series; the midst; central
	portion; specif., the waist. Chaucer. "The middle of the land." Judg.
	ix. 37.
	In this, as in most questions of state, there is a middle. Burke.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Midst.
	
	MIDDLE-AGE
	Mid"dle-age`, Etym: [Middle + age. Cf. Mediæval.]
	
	Defn: Of or pertaining to the Middle Ages; mediæval.
	
	MIDDLE-AGED
	Mid"dle-aged`, a.
	
	Defn: Being about the middle of the ordinary age of man; between 30
	and 50 years old.
	
	MIDDLE-EARTH
	Mid"dle-earth`, n.
	
	Defn: The world, considered as lying between heaven and hell. [Obs.]
	Shak.
	
	MIDDLE-GROUND
	Mid"dle-ground`, n. (Paint.)
	
	Defn: That part of a picture between the foreground and the
	background.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  last
	LAST
	Last, 3d pers. sing. pres.
	
	Defn: of Last, to endure, contracted from lasteth. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	LAST
	Last (, a. Etym: [OE. last, latst, contr. of latest, superl. of late;
	akin to OS. lezt, lazt, last, D. laatst, G. letzt. See Late, and cf.
	Latest.]
	
	1. Being after all the others, similarly classed or considered, in
	time, place, or order of succession; following all the rest; final;
	hindmost; farthest; as, the last year of a century; the last man in a
	line of soldiers; the last page in a book; his last chance.
	Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the
	book of the law of God. Neh. viii. 18.
	Fairest of stars, last in the train of night. Milton.
	
	2. Next before the present; as, I saw him last week.
	
	3. Supreme; highest in degree; utmost.
	Contending for principles of the last importance. R. Hall
	.
	
	4. Lowest in rank or degree; as, the last prize. Pope.
	
	5. Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition;
	most unlikely; having least fitness; as, he is the last person to be
	accused of theft.
	
	At last, at the end of a certain period; after delay. "The duke of
	Savoy felt that the time had at last arrived." Motley.
	 -- At the last. Etym: [Prob. fr. AS. on laste behind, following
	behind, fr. last race, track, footstep. See Last mold of the foot.]
	At the end; in the conclusion. [Obs.] "Gad, a troop shall overcome
	him; but he shall overcome at the last." Gen. xlix. 19.
	 -- Last heir, the person to whom lands escheat for want of an heir.
	[Eng.] Abbott.
	 -- On one's last legs, at, or near, the end of one's resources;
	hence, on the verge of failure or ruin, especially in a financial
	sense. [Colloq.] -- To breathe one's last, to die.
	 -- To the last, to the end; till the conclusion.
	And blunder on in business to the last. Pope.
	
	Syn.
	 -- At Last, At Length. These phrases both denote that some delayed
	end or result has been reached. At length implies that a long period
	was spent in so doing; as, after a voyage of more than three months,
	we at Length arrived safe. At last commonly implies that something
	has occurred (as interruptions, disappointments, etc.) which leads us
	to emphasize the idea of having reached the end; as, in spite of
	every obstacle, we have at last arrived.
	
	LAST
	Last, adv. Etym: [See Last, a.]
	
	1. At a time or on an occasion which is the latest of all those
	spoken of or which have occurred; the last time; as, I saw him last
	in New York.
	
	2. In conclusion; finally.lastly
	Pleased with his idol, he commends, admires, Adores; and, last, the
	thing adored desires. Dryden.
	
	3. At a time next preceding the present time.
	How long is't now since last yourself and I Were in a mask Shak.
	
	LAST
	Last, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Lasted; p. pr. & vb. n. Lasting.] Etym:
	[OE. lasten, As. læstan to perform, execute, follow, last, continue,
	fr. last, l, trace, footstep, course; akin to G. leisten to perform,
	Goth. laistjan to follow. See Last mold of the foot.]
	
	1. To continue in time; to endure; to remain in existence.
	[I] proffered me to be slave in all that she me would ordain while my
	life lasted. Testament of Love.
	
	2. To endure use, or continue in existence, without impairment or
	exhaustion; as, this cloth lasts better than that; the fuel will last
	through the winter.
	
	LAST
	Last, n. Etym: [AS. lasttrace, track, footstep; akin to D. leest a
	last, G. leisten, Sw. läst, Dan. læst, Icel. leistr the foot below
	the ankle, Goth. laists track, way; from a root signifying, to go.
	Cf. Last, v. i., Learn, Delirium.]
	
	Defn: A wooden block shaped like the human foot, on which boots and
	shoes are formed.
	The cobbler is not to go beyond his last. L'Estrange.
	Darning last, a smooth, hard body, often egg-shaped, put into a
	stocking to preserve its shape in darning.
	
	LAST
	Last, v. t.
	
	Defn: To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place
	smoothly on a last; as, to last a boot.
	
	LAST
	Last, n. Etym: [As. hlæst, fr. hladan to lade; akin to OHG. hlast,
	G., D., Dan., & Sw. last: cf. F. laste, last, a last, of German or
	Dutch origin. See Lade.]
	
	1. A load; a heavy burden; hence, a certain weight or measure,
	generally estimated at 4,000 lbs., but varying for different articles
	and in different countries. In England, a last of codfish, white
	herrings, meal, or ashes, is twelve barrels; a last of corn, ten
	quarters, or eighty bushels, in some parts of England, twenty-one
	quarters; of gunpowder, twenty-four barrels, each containing 100 lbs;
	of red herrings, twenty cades, or 20,000; of hides, twelve dozen; of
	leather, twenty dickers; of pitch and tar, fourteen barrels; of wool,
	twelve sacks; of flax or feathers, 1,700 lbs.
	
	2. The burden of a ship; a cargo.
	

Look up word:  century
	CENTURY
	Cen"tu*ry, n.; pl. Centuries. Etym: [L. centuria (in senses 1 & 3),
	fr. centum a hundred: cf. F. centurie. See Cent.]
	
	1. A hundred; as, a century of sonnets; an aggregate of a hundred
	things. [Archaic.]
	And on it said a century of prayers. Shak.
	
	2. A period of a hundred years; as, this event took place over two
	centuries ago.
	
	Note: Century, in the reckoning of time, although often used in a
	general way of any series of hundred consecutive years (as, a century
	of temperance work), usually signifies a division of the Christian
	era, consisting of a period of one hundred years ending with the
	hundredth year from which it is named; as, the first century (a. d.
	1-100 inclusive); the seventh century (a.d. 601-700); the eighteenth
	century (a.d. 1701-1800). With words or phrases connecting it with
	some other system of chronology it is used of similar division of
	those eras; as, the first century of Rome (A.U.C. 1-100).
	
	3. (Rom. Antiq.)
	(a) A division of the Roman people formed according to their
	property, for the purpose of voting for civil officers.
	(b) One of sixty companies into which a legion of the army was
	divided. It was Commanded by a centurion. Century plant (Bot.), the
	Agave Americana, formerly supposed to flower but once in a century; -
	- hence the name. See Agave.
	 -- The Magdeburg Centuries, an ecclesiastical history of the first
	thirteen centuries, arranged in thirteen volumes, compiled in the
	16th century by Protestant scholars at Magdeburg.
	

Look up word:  there
	THERE
	There, adv. Etym: [OE. ther, AS. th\'d6r; akin to D. daar, G. da,
	OHG. dar, Sw. & Dan. der, Icel. & Goth. Þar, Skr. tarhi then, and E.
	that. *184. See That, pron.]
	
	1. In or at that place. "[They] there left me and my man, both bound
	together." Shak.
	The Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the
	man whom he had formed. Ge. ii. 8.
	
	Note: In distinction from here, there usually signifies a place
	farther off. "Darkness there might well seem twilight here." Milton.
	
	2. In that matter, relation, etc.; at that point, stage, etc.,
	regarded as a distinct place; as, he did not stop there, but
	continued his speech.
	The law that theaten'd death becomes thy friend And turns it to
	exile; there art thou happy. Shak.
	
	3. To or into that place; thither.
	The rarest that e'er came there. Shak.
	
	Note: There is sometimes used by way of exclamation, calling the
	attention to something, especially to something distant; as, there,
	there! see there! look there! There is often used as an expletive,
	and in this use, when it introduces a sentence or clause, the verb
	precedes its subject.
	A knight there was, and that a worthy man. Chaucer.
	There is a path which no fowl knoweth. Job xxviii. 7.
	Wherever there is a sense or perception, there some idea is actually
	produced. Locke.
	There have been that have delivered themselves from their ills by
	their good fortune or virtue. Suckling.
	
	Note: There is much used in composition, and often has the sense of a
	pronoun. See Thereabout, Thereafter, Therefrom, etc.
	
	Note: There was formerly used in the sense of where.
	Spend their good there it is reasonable. Chaucer.
	Here and there, in one place and another.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Thither.
	
	THEREABOUT; THEREABOUTS
	There"a*bout`, There"a*bouts`, adv. Etym: [The latter spelling is
	less proper, but more commonly used.]
	
	1. Near that place.
	
	2. Near that number, degree, or quantity; nearly; as, ten men, or
	thereabouts.
	Five or six thousand horse . . . or thereabouts. Shak.
	Some three months since, or thereabout. Suckling.
	
	3. Concerning that; about that. [R.]
	What will ye dine I will go thereabout. Chaucer.
	They were much perplexed thereabout. Luke xxiv. 4.
	

Look up word:  were
	WERE
	Were, v. t. & i.
	
	Defn: To wear. See 3d Wear. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	WERE
	Were, n.
	
	Defn: A weir. See Weir. [Obs.] Chaucer. Sir P. Sidney.
	
	WERE
	Were, v. t. Etym: [AS. werian.]
	
	Defn: To guard; to protect. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	WERE
	Were. Etym: [AS. wre (thou) wast, w (we, you, they) were, w imp.
	subj. See Was.]
	
	Defn: The imperfect indicative plural, and imperfect subjunctive
	singular and plural, of the verb be. See Be.
	
	WERE
	Were, n. Etym: [AS. wer; akin to OS. & OHG. wer, Goth. waír, L. vir,
	Skr. vira. Cf. Weregild, and Werewolf.]
	
	1. A man. [Obs.]
	
	2. A fine for slaying a man; the money value set upon a man's life;
	weregild. [Obs.]
	Every man was valued at a certain sum, which was called his were.
	Bosworth.
	

Look up word:  still
	STILL
	Still, a. [Compar. Stiller; superl. Stillest.] Etym: [OE. stille, AS.
	stille; akin to D. stil, OS. & OHG. stilli, G. still, Dan. stille,
	Sw. stilla, and to E. stall; from the idea of coming to a stand, or
	halt. Cf. Still, adv.]
	
	1. Motionless; at rest; quiet; as, to stand still; to lie or sit
	still. "Still as any stone." Chaucer.
	
	2. Uttering no sound; silent; as, the audience is still; the animals
	are still.
	The sea that roared at thy command, At thy command was still.
	Addison.
	
	3. Not disturbed by noise or agitation; quiet; calm; as, a still
	evening; a still atmosphere. "When all the woods are still." Milton.
	
	4. Comparatively quiet or silent; soft; gentle; low. "A still small
	voice." 1 Kings xix. 12.
	
	5. Constant; continual. [Obs.]
	By still practice learn to know thy meaning. Shak.
	
	6. Not effervescing; not sparkling; as, still wines. Still life.
	(Fine Arts) (a) Inanimate objects. (b) (Painting) The class or style
	of painting which represents inanimate objects, as fruit, flowers,
	dead game, etc.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Quiet; calm; noiseless; serene; motionless; inert; stagnant.
	
	STILL
	Still, n. Etym: [Cf. G. stille.]
	
	1. Freedom from noise; calm; silence; as, the still of midnight.
	[Poetic]
	
	2. A steep hill or ascent. [Obs.] W. Browne.
	
	STILL
	Still, adv. Etym: [AS. stille quietly. See Still, a. The modern
	senses come from the idea of stopping and staying still, or
	motionless.]
	
	1. To this time; until and during the time now present; now no less
	than before; yet.
	It hath been anciently reported, and is still received. Bacon.
	
	2. In the future as now and before.
	Hourly joys be still upon you! Shak.
	
	3. In continuation by successive or repeated acts; always; ever;
	constantly; uniformly.
	The desire of fame betrays an ambitious man into indecencies that
	lessen his reputation; he is still afraid lest any of his actions
	should be thrown away in private. Addison.
	Chemists would be rich if they could still do in great quantities
	what they have sometimes done in little. Boyle.
	
	4. In an increasing or additional degree; even more; -- much used
	with comparatives.
	The guilt being great, the fear doth still exceed. Shak.
	
	5. Notwithstanding what has been said or done; in spite of what has
	occured; nevertheless; -- sometimes used as a conjunction. See
	Synonym of But.
	As sunshine, broken in the rill, Though turned astray, is sunshine
	still. Moore.
	
	6. After that; after what is stated.
	In the primitive church, such as by fear being compelled to sacrifice
	to strange gods, after repented, and kept still the office of
	preaching the gospel. Whitgift.
	Still and anon, at intervals and repeatedly; continually; ever and
	anon; now and then.
	And like the watchful minutes to the hour, Still and anon cheered up
	the heavy time. Shak.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stilled; p. pr. & vb. n. Stilling.] Etym:
	[AS. stillan, from stille still, quiet, firm. See Still, a.]
	
	1. To stop, as motion or agitation; to cause to become quiet, or
	comparatively quiet; to check the agitation of; as, to still the
	raging sea.
	He having a full sway over the water, had power to still and compose
	it, as well as to move and disturb it. Woodward.
	
	2. To stop, as noise; to silence.
	With his name the mothers still their babies. Shak.
	
	3. To appease; to calm; to quiet, as tumult, agitation, or
	excitement; as, to still the passions. Shak.
	Toil that would, at least, have stilled an unquiet impulse in me.
	Hawthorne.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To quiet; calm; allay; lull; pacify; appease; subdue; suppress;
	silence; stop; check; restrain.
	
	STILL
	Still, n. Etym: [Cf. OE. stillatorie. See Still, v., to distill.]
	
	1. A vessel, boiler, or copper used in the distillation of liquids;
	specifically, one used for the distillation of alcoholic liquors; a
	retort. The name is sometimes applied to the whole apparatus used in
	in vaporization and condensation.
	
	2. A house where liquors are distilled; a distillery. Still watcher,
	a device for indicating the progress of distillation by the density
	of the liquid given over. Knight.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. t. Etym: [Abbreviated fr. distill.]
	
	1. To cause to fall by drops.
	
	2. To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a
	refrigeratory; to distill. Tusser.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. i. Etym: [L. stillare. Cf. Distill.]
	
	Defn: To drop, or flow in drops; to distill. [Obs.] Spenser.
	

Look up word:  many
	MANY
	Ma"ny, n. Etym: [See Meine, Mansion.]
	
	Defn: A retinue of servants; a household. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	MANY
	Ma"ny, a. or pron.
	
	Note: [It has no variation to express degrees of comparison; more and
	most, which are used for the comparative and superlative degrees, are
	from a different root.] Etym: [OE. mani, moni, AS. manig, mænig,
	monig; akin to D. menig, OS. & OHG. manag, G. manch, Dan. mange, Sw.
	månge, Goth. manags, OSlav. mnog', Russ. mnogii; cf. Icel. margr,
	Prov. E. mort. sq. root103.]
	
	Defn: Consisting of a great number; numerous; not few.
	Thou shalt be a father of many nations. Gen. xvii. 4.
	Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble,
	are called. 1 Cor. i. 26.
	
	Note: Many is freely prefixed to participles, forming compounds which
	need no special explanation; as, many-angled, many-celled, many-eyed,
	many-footed, many-handed, many-leaved, many-lettered, many-named,
	many-peopled, many-petaled, many-seeded, many-syllabled
	(polysyllabic), many-tongued, many-voiced, many-wived, and the like.
	Comparison is often expressed by many with as or so. "As many as were
	willing hearted . . . brought bracelets." Exod. xxxv. 22. "So many
	laws argue so many sins." Milton. Many stands with a singular
	substantive with a or an. Many a, a large number taken
	distributively; each one of many. "For thy sake have I shed many a
	tear." Shak. "Full many a gem of purest ray serene." Gray.
	 -- Many one, many a one; many persons. BK. of Com. Prayer.
	 -- The many, the majority; -- opposed to the few. See Many, n.
	 -- Too many, too numerous; hence, too powerful; as, they are too
	many for us. L'Estrange.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Numerous; multiplied; frequent; manifold; various; divers;
	sundry.
	
	MANY
	Ma"ny, n. Etym: [AS. menigeo, menigo, menio, multitude; akin to G.
	menge, OHG. managi, menigi, Goth. managei. See Many, a.]
	
	1. The populace; the common people; the majority of people, or of a
	community.
	After him the rascal many ran. Spenser.
	
	2. A large or considerable number.
	A many of our bodies shall no doubt Find native graves. Shak.
	Seeing a great many in rich gowns. Addison.
	It will be concluded by manythat he lived like an honest man.
	Fielding.
	
	Note: In this sense, many is connected immediately with another
	substantive (without of) to show of what the many consists; as, a
	good many [of] people think so.
	He is liable to a great many inconveniences. Tillotson.
	
	MANY-MINDED
	Ma"ny-mind`ed, a.
	
	Defn: Having many faculties; versatile; many-sided.
	

Look up word:  trade
	TRADE
	Trade, n. Etym: [Formerly, a path, OE. tred a footmark. See Tread, n.
	& v.]
	
	1. A track; a trail; a way; a path; also, passage; travel; resort.
	[Obs.]
	A postern with a blind wicket there was, A common trade to pass
	through Priam's house. Surrey.
	Hath tracted forth some salvage beastes trade. Spenser.
	Or, I'll be buried in the king's highway, Some way of common trade,
	where subjects' feet May hourly trample on their sovereign's head.
	Shak.
	
	2. Course; custom; practice; occupation; employment. [Obs.] "The
	right trade of religion." Udall.
	There those five sisters had continual trade. Spenser.
	Long did I love this lady, Long was my travel, long my trade to win
	her. Massinger.
	Thy sin's not accidental but a trade. Shak.
	
	3. Business of any kind; matter of mutual consideration; affair;
	dealing. [Obs.]
	Have you any further trade with us Shak.
	
	4. Specifically: The act or business of exchanging commodities by
	barter, or by buying and selling for money; commerce; traffic;
	barter.
	
	Note: Trade comprehends every species of exchange or dealing, either
	in the produce of land, in manufactures, in bills, or in money; but
	it is chiefly used to denote the barter or purchase and sale of
	goods, wares, and merchandise, either by wholesale or retail. Trade
	is either foreign or domestic. Foreign trade consists in the
	exportation and importation of goods, or the exchange of the
	commodities of different countries. Domestic, or home, trade is the
	exchange, or buying and selling, of goods within a country. Trade is
	also by the wholesale, that is, by the package or in large
	quantities, generally to be sold again, or it is by retail, or in
	small parcels. The carrying trade is the business of transporting
	commodities from one country to another, or between places in the
	same country, by land or water.
	
	5. The business which a person has learned, and which he engages in,
	for procuring subsistence, or for profit; occupation; especially,
	mechanical employment as distinguished from the liberal arts, the
	learned professions, and agriculture; as, we speak of the trade of a
	smith, of a carpenter, or mason, but not now of the trade of a
	farmer, or a lawyer, or a physician.
	Accursed usury was all his trade. Spenser.
	The homely, slighted, shepherd's trade. Milton.
	I will instruct thee in my trade. Shak.
	
	6. Instruments of any occupation. [Obs.]
	The house and household goods, his trade of war. Dryden.
	
	7. A company of men engaged in the same occupation; thus, booksellers
	and publishers speak of the customs of the trade, and are
	collectively designated as the trade.
	
	8. pl.
	
	Defn: The trade winds.
	
	9. Refuse or rubbish from a mine. [Prov. Eng.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Profession; occupation; office; calling; avocation; employment;
	commerce; dealing; traffic. Board of trade. See under Board.
	 -- Trade dollar. See under Dollar.
	 -- Trade price, the price at which goods are sold to members of the
	same trade, or by wholesale dealers to retailers. Trade sale, an
	auction by and for the trade, especially that of the booksellers.
	 -- Trade wind, a wind in the torrid zone, and often a little beyond
	at, which blows from the same quarter throughout the year, except
	when affected by local causes; -- so called because of its usefulness
	to navigators, and hence to trade.
	
	Note: The general direction of the trade winds is from N. E. to S. W.
	on the north side of the equator, and from S. E. to N. W. on the
	south side of the equator. They are produced by the joint effect of
	the rotation of the earth and the movement of the air from the polar
	toward the equatorial regions, to supply the vacancy caused by
	heating, rarefaction, and consequent ascent of the air in the latter
	regions. The trade winds are principally limited to two belts in the
	tropical regions, one on each side of the equator, and separated by a
	belt which is characterized by calms or variable weather.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Traded; p. pr. & vb. n. Trading.]
	
	1. To barter, or to buy and sell; to be engaged in the exchange,
	purchase, or sale of goods, wares, merchandise, or anything else; to
	traffic; to bargain; to carry on commerce as a business.
	A free port, where nations . . . resorted with their goods and
	traded. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. To buy and sell or exchange property in a single instance.
	
	3. To have dealings; to be concerned or associated; -- usually
	followed by with.
	How did you dare to trade and traffic with Macbeth Shak.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, v. t.
	
	Defn: To sell or exchange in commerce; to barter.
	They traded the persons of men. Ezek. xxvii. 13.
	To dicker and to swop, to trade rifles and watches. Cooper.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, obs.
	
	Defn: imp. of Tread.
	

Look up word:  binders
	Word not found
	BINDERS

Look up word:  standalone
	Word not found
	STANDALONE

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  companies
	Word not found
	COMPANIES

Look up word:  which
	WHICH
	Which, pron. Etym: [OE. which, whilk, AS. hwilc, hwylc, hwelc, from
	the root of hwa who + lic body; hence properly, of what sort or kind;
	akin to OS. hwilik which, OFries. hwelik, D. welk, G. welch, OHG.
	welih, hwelih, Icel. hvilikr, Dan. & Sw. hvilken, Goth. hwileiks,
	hwleiks; cf. L. qualis. Who, and Like, a., and cf. Such.]
	
	1. Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who. [Obs.]
	And which they weren and of what degree. Chaucer.
	
	2. A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively,
	and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an
	individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is
	it which woman was it which is the house he asked which route he
	should take; which is best, to live or to die See the Note under
	What, pron., 1.
	Which of you convinceth me of sin John viii. 46.
	
	3. A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun
	or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or
	implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally
	involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It
	is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons.
	And when thou fail'st -- as God forbid the hour! --Must Edward fall,
	which peril heaven forfend! Shak.
	God . . . rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had
	made. Gen. ii. 2.
	Our Father, which art in heaven. Matt. vi. 9.
	The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. 1 Cor. iii. 17.
	
	4. A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one
	which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the
	like; as, take which you will.
	
	Note: The which was formerly often used for which. The expressions
	which that, which as, were also sometimes used by way of emphasis.
	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called
	James ii. 7.
	
	Note: Which, referring to a series of preceding sentences, or members
	of a sentence, may have all joined to it adjectively. "All which, as
	a method of a proclamation, is very convenient." Carlyle.
	
	WHICHEVER; WHICHSOEVER
	Which*ev"er, Which`so*ev"er, pron. & a.
	
	Defn: Whether one or another; whether one or the other; which; that
	one (of two or more) which; as, whichever road you take, it will lead
	you to town.
	
	WHIDAH BIRD
	Whid"ah bird`, (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Any one of several species of finchlike birds belonging to the
	genus Vidua, native of Asia and Africa. In the breeding season the
	male has very long, drooping tail feathers. Called also vida finch,
	whidah finch, whydah bird, whydah finch, widow bird, and widow finch.
	
	Note: Some of the species are often kept as cage birds, especially
	Vidua paradisea, which is dark brownish above, pale buff beneath,
	with a reddish collar around the neck.
	

Look up word:  did
	DID
	Did, imp.
	
	Defn: of Do.
	
	DIDACTIC; DIDACTICAL
	Di*dac"tic, Di*dac"tic*al, a. Etym: [Gr. docere to teach: cf. F.
	didactique. See Docile.]
	
	Defn: Fitted or intended to teach; conveying instruction; preceptive;
	instructive; teaching some moral lesson; as, didactic essays.
	"Didactical writings." Jer. Taylor.
	The finest didactic poem in any language. Macaulay.
	

Look up word:  no
	NO
	No, a. Etym: [OE. no, non, the same word as E. none; cf. E. a, an.
	See None.]
	
	Defn: Not any; not one; none.
	Let there be no strife ... between me and thee. Gen. xiii. 8.
	That goodness is no name, and happiness no dream. Byron.
	
	Note: In Old England before a vowel the form non or noon was used.
	"No man." "Noon apothercary." Chaucer.
	
	NO
	No, adv. Etym: [OE. no, na, AS. na; ne not + a ever. AS. ne is akin
	to OHG. ni, Goth. ni, Russ. ne, Ir., Gael. & W. ni, L. ne, gr. nh (in
	comp.), Skr. na, and also to E. prefix un-. sq. root 193. See Aye,
	and cf. Nay, Not, Nice, Nefarious.]
	
	Defn: Nay; not; not at all; not in any respect or degree; -- a word
	expressing negation, denial, or refusal. Before or after another
	negative, no is emphatic.
	We do no otherwise than we are willed. Shak.
	I am perplx'd and doubtful whether or no I dare accept this your
	congratulation. Coleridge.
	There is none righteous, no, not one. Rom. iii. 10.
	No! Nay, Heaven forbid. Coleridge.
	
	NO
	No, n.; pl. Noes (.
	
	1. A refusal by use of the wordd no; a denial.
	
	2. A negative vote; one who votes in the negative; as, to call for
	the ayes and noes; the noes have it.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  specializing
	Word not found
	SPECIALIZING

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  alone
	ALONE
	A*lone", a. Etym: [All + one. OE. al one all allone, AS. an one,
	alone. See All, One, Lone.]
	
	1. Quite by one's self; apart from, or exclusive of, others; single;
	solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.
	Alone on a wide, wide sea. Coleridge.
	It is not good that the man should be alone. Gen. ii. 18.
	
	2. Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one
	else; without a sharer; only.
	Man shall not live by bread alone. Luke iv. 4.
	The citizens alone should be at the expense. Franklin.
	
	3. Sole; only; exclusive. [R.]
	God, by whose alone power and conversation we all live, and move, and
	have our being. Bentley.
	
	4. Hence; Unique; rare; matchless. Shak.
	
	Note: The adjective alone commonly follows its noun. To let or leave
	alone, to abstain from interfering with or molesting; to suffer to
	remain in its present state.
	
	ALONE
	A*lone", adv.
	
	Defn: Solely; simply; exclusively.
	

Look up word:  At
	AT
	At, prep. Etym: [AS. æt; akin to OHG. az, Goth., OS., & Icel. at, Sw.
	åt, Dan. & L. ad.]
	
	Defn: Primarily, this word expresses the relations of presence,
	nearness in place or time, or direction toward; as, at the ninth
	hour; at the house; to aim at a mark. It is less definite than in or
	on; at the house may be in or near the house. From this original
	import are derived all the various uses of at. It expresses: -
	
	1. A relation of proximity to, or of presence in or on, something;
	as, at the door; at your shop; at home; at school; at hand; at sea
	and on land.
	
	2. The relation of some state or condition; as, at war; at peace; at
	ease; at your service; at fault; at liberty; at risk; at
	disadvantage.
	
	3. The relation of some employment or action; occupied with; as, at
	engraving; at husbandry; at play; at work; at meat (eating); except
	at puns.
	
	4. The relation of a point or position in a series, or of degree,
	rate, or value; as, with the thermometer at 80º; goods sold at a
	cheap price; a country estimated at 10,000 square miles; life is
	short at the longest.
	
	5. The relations of time, age, or order; as, at ten o'clock; at
	twenty-one; at once; at first.
	
	6. The relations of source, occasion, reason, consequence, or effect;
	as, at the sight; at this news; merry at anything; at this
	declaration; at his command; to demand, require, receive, deserve,
	endure at your hands.
	
	7. Relation of direction toward an object or end; as, look at it; to
	point at one; to aim at a mark; to throw, strike, shoot, wink, mock,
	laugh at any one. At all, At home, At large, At last, At length, At
	once, etc. See under All, Home, Large, Last (phrase and syn.),
	Length, Once, etc.
	 -- At it, busily or actively engaged.
	 -- At least. See Least and However.
	 -- At one. See At one, in the Vocabulary.
	
	Syn.
	 -- In, At. When reference to the interior of any place is made
	prominent in is used. It is used before the names of countries and
	cities (esp. large cities); as, we live in America, in New York, in
	the South. At is commonly employed before names of houses,
	institutions, villages, and small places; as, Milton was educated at
	Christ's College; money taken in at the Customhouse; I saw him at the
	jeweler's; we live at Beachville. At may be used before the name of a
	city when it is regarded as a mere point of locality. "An English
	king was crowned at Paris." Macaulay. "Jean Jacques Rousseau was born
	at Geneva, June, 28, 1712." J. Morley. In regard to time, we say at
	the hour, on the day, in the year; as, at 9 o'clock, on the morning
	of July 5th, in the year 1775.
	

Look up word:  that
	THAT
	That, pron., a., conj., & adv. Etym: [AS. th\'91t, neuter nom. & acc.
	sing. of the article (originally a demonstrative pronoun). The nom.
	masc. se, and the nom. fem. seó are from a different root. AS.
	th\'91t is akin to D. dat, G. das, OHG. daz, Sw. & Dan. det, Icel.
	Þat (masc. sa, fem. so), Goth. Þata (masc. sa, fem. so), Gr. tat (for
	tad, masc. sas, fem. sa); cf. L. istud that. *184. Cf. The, Their,
	They, Them, This, Than, Since.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out,
	or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to
	be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to
	which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the
	basket are good apples.
	The early fame of Gratian was equal to that of the most celebrated
	princes. Gibbon.
	
	Note: That may refer to an entire sentence or paragraph, and not
	merely to a word. It usually follows, but sometimes precedes, the
	sentence referred to.
	That be far from thee, to do after this manner, to slay the righteous
	with the wicked. Gen. xviii. 25.
	And when Moses heard that, he was content. Lev. x. 20.
	I will know your business, Harry, that I will. Shak.
	
	Note: That is often used in opposition to this, or by way of
	distinction, and in such cases this, like the Latin hic and French
	ceci, generally refers to that which is nearer, and that, like Latin
	ille and French cela, to that which is more remote. When they refer
	to foreign words or phrases, this generally refers to the latter, and
	that to the former.
	Two principles in human nature reign; Self-love, to urge, and Reason,
	to restrain; Nor this a good, nor that a bad we call. Pope.
	If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this or that. James iv. 16.
	
	2. As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun.
	It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of
	judgment, than for that city. Matt. x. 15.
	The woman was made whole from that hour. Matt. ix. 22.
	
	Note: That was formerly sometimes used with the force of the article
	the, especially in the phrases that one, that other, which were
	subsequently corrupted into th'tone, th'tother (now written t'other).
	Upon a day out riden knightes two . . . That one of them came home,
	that other not. Chaucer.
	
	3. As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving
	to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or
	alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural.
	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame. Prov. ix. 7.
	A judgment that is equal and impartial must incline to the greater
	probabilities. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	Note: If the relative clause simply conveys an additional idea, and
	is not properly explanatory or restrictive, who or which (rarely
	that) is employed; as, the king that (or who) rules well is generally
	popular; Victoria, who (not that) rules well, enjoys the confidence
	of her subjects. Ambiguity may in some cases be avoided in the use of
	that (which is restrictive) instead of who or which, likely to be
	understood in a coördinating sense. Bain. That was formerly used for
	that which, as what is now; but such use is now archaic.
	We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen. John iii.
	11.
	That I have done it is thyself to wite [blame]. Chaucer.
	That, as a relative pronoun, cannot be governed by a preposition
	preceding it, but may be governed by one at the end of the sentence
	which it commences.
	The ship that somebody was sailing in. Sir W. Scott.
	In Old English, that was often used with the demonstratives he, his,
	him, etc., and the two together had the force of a relative pronoun;
	thus, that he = who; that his = whose; that him = whom.
	I saw to-day a corpse yborn to church That now on Monday last I saw
	him wirche [work]. Chaucer.
	Formerly, that was used, where we now commonly use which, as a
	relative pronoun with the demonstrative pronoun that as its
	antecedent.
	That that dieth, let it die; and that that is to cut off, let it be
	cut off. Zech. xi. 9.
	
	4. As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a
	demonstrative pronoun. It is used, specifically: --
	(a) To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding
	verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb.
	She tells them 't is a causeless fantasy, And childish error, that
	they are afraid. Shak.
	I have shewed before, that a mere possibility to the contrary, can by
	no means hinder a thing from being highly credible. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	(b) To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in
	that, for the reason that, because.
	He does hear me; And that he does, I weep. Shak.
	
	(c) To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and
	frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc.
	These things I say, that ye might be saved. John v. 34.
	To the end that he may prolong his days. Deut. xvii. 20.
	
	(d) To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually
	preceded by so or such, sometimes by that.
	The birds their notes renew, and bleating herds Attest their joy,
	that hill and valley rings. Milton.
	He gazed so long That both his eyes were dazzled. Tennyson.
	(e) To introduce a clause denoting time; -- equivalent to in which
	time, at which time, when.
	So wept Duessa until eventide, That shining lamps in Jove's high
	course were lit. Spenser.
	Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice
	Shak.
	
	(f) In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence
	expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like.
	Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knight and I
	have seen! Shak.
	O God, that right should thus overcome might! Shak.
	
	Note: That was formerly added to other conjunctions or to adverbs to
	make them emphatic.
	To try if that our own be ours or no. Shak.
	That is sometimes used to connect a clause with a preceding
	conjunction on which it depends.
	When he had carried Rome and that we looked For no less spoil than
	glory. Shak.
	
	5. As adverb: To such a degree; so; as, he was that frightened he
	could say nothing. [Archaic or in illiteral use.] All that,
	everything of that kind; all that sort.
	With singing, laughing, ogling, and all that. Pope.
	The rank is but the guinea's stamp, The man's the gowd [gold] for
	a'that. Burns.
	-- For that. See under For, prep.
	 -- In that. See under In, prep.
	

Look up word:  time
	TIME
	Time, n.; pl. Times. Etym: [OE. time, AS. tima, akin to tid time, and
	to Icel. timi, Dan. time an hour, Sw. timme. *58. See Tide, n.]
	
	1. Duration, considered independently of any system of measurement or
	any employment of terms which designate limited portions thereof.
	The time wasteth [i. e. passes away] night and day. Chaucer.
	I know of no ideas . . . that have a better claim to be accounted
	simple and original than those of space and time. Reid.
	
	2. A particular period or part of duration, whether past, present, or
	future; a point or portion of duration; as, the time was, or has
	been; the time is, or will be.
	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past
	unto the fathers by the prophets. Heb. i. 1.
	
	3. The period at which any definite event occurred, or person lived;
	age; period; era; as, the Spanish Armada was destroyed in the time of
	Queen Elizabeth; -- often in the plural; as, ancient times; modern
	times.
	
	4. The duration of one's life; the hours and days which a person has
	at his disposal.
	Believe me, your time is not your own; it belongs to God, to
	religion, to mankind. Buckminster.
	
	5. A proper time; a season; an opportunity.
	There is . . . a time to every purpose. Eccl. iii. 1.
	The time of figs was not yet. Mark xi. 13.
	
	6. Hour of travail, delivery, or parturition.
	She was within one month of her time. Clarendon.
	
	7. Performance or occurrence of an action or event, considered with
	reference to repetition; addition of a number to itself; repetition;
	as, to double cloth four times; four times four, or sixteen.
	Summers three times eight save one. Milton.
	
	8. The present life; existence in this world as contrasted with
	immortal life; definite, as contrasted with infinite, duration.
	Till time and sin together cease. Keble.
	
	9. (Gram.)
	
	Defn: Tense.
	
	10. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The measured duration of sounds; measure; tempo; rate of
	movement; rhythmical division; as, common or triple time; the
	musician keeps good time.
	Some few lines set unto a solemn time. Beau. & Fl.
	
	Note: Time is often used in the formation of compounds, mostly self-
	explaining; as, time-battered, time-beguiling, time-consecrated,
	time-consuming, time-enduring, time-killing, time-sanctioned, time-
	scorner, time-wasting, time-worn, etc. Absolute time, time
	irrespective of local standards or epochs; as, all spectators see a
	lunar eclipse at the same instant of absolute time.
	 -- Apparent time, the time of day reckoned by the sun, or so that 12
	o'clock at the place is the instant of the transit of the sun's
	center over the meridian.
	 -- Astronomical time, mean solar time reckoned by counting the hours
	continuously up to twenty-four from one noon to the next.
	 -- At times, at distinct intervals of duration; now and then; as, at
	times he reads, at other times he rides.
	 -- Civil time, time as reckoned for the purposes of common life in
	distinct periods, as years, months, days, hours, etc., the latter,
	among most modern nations, being divided into two series of twelve
	each, and reckoned, the first series from midnight to noon, the
	second, from noon to midnight.
	 -- Common time (Mil.), the ordinary time of marching, in which
	ninety steps, each twenty-eight inches in length, are taken in one
	minute.
	 -- Equation of time. See under Equation, n.
	 -- In time. (a) In good season; sufficiently early; as, he arrived
	in time to see the exhibition. (b) After a considerable space of
	duration; eventually; finally; as, you will in time recover your
	health and strength.
	 -- Mean time. See under 4th Mean.
	 -- Quick time (Mil.), time of marching, in which one hundred and
	twenty steps, each thirty inches in length, are taken in one minute.
	 -- Sidereal time. See under Sidereal.
	 -- Standard time, the civil time that has been established by law or
	by general usage over a region or country. In England the standard
	time is Greenwich mean solar time. In the United States and Canada
	four kinds of standard time have been adopted by the railroads and
	accepted by the people, viz., Eastern, Central, Mountain, and Pacific
	time, corresponding severally to the mean local times of the 75th,
	90th, 105th, and 120th meridians west from Greenwich, and being
	therefore five, six, seven, and eight hours slower than Greenwich
	time.
	 -- Time ball, a ball arranged to drop from the summit of a pole, to
	indicate true midday time, as at Greenwich Observatory, England.
	Nichol.
	 -- Time bargain (Com.), a contract made for the sale or purchase of
	merchandise, or of stock in the public funds, at a certain time in
	the future.
	 -- Time bill. Same as Time-table. [Eng.] -- Time book, a book in
	which is kept a record of the time persons have worked.
	 -- Time detector, a timepiece provided with a device for registering
	and indicating the exact time when a watchman visits certain stations
	in his beat.
	 -- Time enough, in season; early enough. "Stanly at Bosworth field,
	. . . came time enough to save his life." Bacon.
	 -- Time fuse, a fuse, as for an explosive projectile, which can be
	so arranged as to ignite the charge at a certain definite interval
	after being itself ignited.
	 -- Time immemorial, or Time out of mind. (Eng. Law) See under
	Immemorial.
	 -- Time lock, a lock having clockwork attached, which, when wound
	up, prevents the bolt from being withdrawn when locked, until a
	certain interval of time has elapsed.
	 -- Time of day, salutation appropriate to the times of the day, as
	"good morning," "good evening," and the like; greeting.
	 -- To kill time. See under Kill, v. t.
	 -- To make time. (a) To gain time. (b) To occupy or use (a certain)
	time in doing something; as, the trotting horse made fast time.
	 -- To move, run, or go, against time, to move, run, or go a given
	distance without a competitor, in the quickest possible time; or, to
	accomplish the greatest distance which can be passed over in a given
	time; as, the horse is to run against time.
	 -- True time. (a) Mean time as kept by a clock going uniformly. (b)
	(Astron.) Apparent time as reckoned from the transit of the sun's
	center over the meridian.
	
	TIME
	Time, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Timed; p. pr. & vb. n. Timing.]
	
	1. To appoint the time for; to bring, begin, or perform at the proper
	season or time; as, he timed his appearance rightly.
	There is no greater wisdom than well to time the beginnings and
	onsets of things. Bacon.
	
	2. To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of
	movement.
	Who overlooked the oars, and timed the stroke. Addison.
	He was a thing of blood, whose every motion Was timed with dying
	cries. Shak.
	
	3. To ascertain or record the time, duration, or rate of; as, to time
	the speed of horses, or hours for workmen.
	
	4. To measure, as in music or harmony.
	
	TIME
	Time, v. i.
	
	1. To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time.
	With oar strokes timing to their song. Whittier.
	
	2. To pass time; to delay. [Obs.]
	

Look up word:  because
	BECAUSE
	Be*cause", conj. Etym: [OE. bycause; by + cause.]
	
	1. By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason
	that. Milton.
	
	2. In order that; that. [Obs.]
	And the multitude rebuked them because they should hold their peace.
	Matt. xx. 31.
	Because of, by reason of, on account of. [Prep. phrase.]
	Because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of
	disobedience. Eph. v. 6.
	
	Syn, -- Because, For, Since, As, Inasmuch As. These particles are
	used, in certain connections, to assign the reason of a thing, or
	that "on account of" which it is or takes place. Because (by cause)
	is the strongest and most emphatic; as, I hid myself because I was
	afraid. For is not quite so strong; as, in Shakespeare, "I hate him,
	for he is a Christian." Since is less formal and more incidental than
	because; as, I will do it since you request me. It more commonly
	begins a sentence; as, Since your decision is made, I will say no
	more. As is still more incidental than since, and points to some
	existing fact by way of assigning a reason. Thus we say, as I knew
	him to be out of town, I did not call. Inasmuch as seems to carry
	with it a kind of qualification which does not belong to the rest.
	Thus, if we say, I am ready to accept your proposal, inasmuch as I
	believe it is the best you can offer, we mean, it is only with this
	understanding that we can accept it.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  dominance
	Word not found
	DOMINANCE

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  letterpress
	LETTERPRESS
	Let"ter*press", n.
	
	Defn: Print; letters and words impressed on paper or other material
	by types; -- often used of the reading matter in distinction from the
	illustrations.
	Letterpress printing, printing directly from type, in distinction
	from printing from plates.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  took
	TOOK
	Took,
	
	Defn: imp. of Take.
	

Look up word:  place
	PLACE
	Place, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. platea a street, an area, a courtyard,
	from Gr. platei^a a street, properly fem. of platy`s, flat, broad;
	akin to Skr. prsthu, Lith. platus. Cf. Flawn, Piazza, Plate, Plaza.]
	
	1. Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all
	other space, or appropriated to some definite object or use;
	position; ground; site; spot; rarely, unbounded space.
	Here is the place appointed. Shak.
	What place can be for us Within heaven's bound Milton.
	The word place has sometimes a more confused sense, and stands for
	that space which any body takes up; and so the universe is a place.
	Locke.
	
	2. A broad way in a city; an open space; an area; a court or short
	part of a street open only at one end. "Hangman boys in the market
	place." Shak.
	
	3. A position which is occupied and held; a dwelling; a mansion; a
	village, town, or city; a fortified town or post; a stronghold; a
	region or country.
	Are you native of this place Shak.
	
	4. Rank; degree; grade; order of priority, advancement, dignity, or
	importance; especially, social rank or position; condition; also,
	official station; occupation; calling. "The enervating magic of
	place." Hawthorne.
	Men in great place are thrice servants. Bacon.
	I know my place as I would they should do theirs. Shak.
	
	5. Vacated or relinquished space; room; stead (the departure or
	removal of another being or thing being implied). "In place of Lord
	Bassanio." Shak.
	
	6. A definite position or passage of a document.
	The place of the scripture which he read was this. Acts viii. 32.
	
	7. Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding; as, he said
	in the first place.
	
	8. Reception; effect; -- implying the making room for.
	My word hath no place in you. John viii. 37.
	
	9. (Astron.)
	
	Defn: Position in the heavens, as of a heavenly body; -- usually
	defined by its right ascension and declination, or by its latitude
	and longitude. Place of arms (Mil.), a place calculated for the
	rendezvous of men in arms, etc., as a fort which affords a safe
	retreat for hospitals, magazines, etc. Wilhelm.
	 -- High place (Script.), a mount on which sacrifices were offered.
	"Him that offereth in the high place." Jer. xlviii. 35.
	 -- In place, in proper position; timely.
	 -- Out of place, inappropriate; ill-timed; as, his remarks were out
	of place.
	 -- Place kick (Football), the act of kicking the ball after it has
	been placed on the ground.
	 -- Place name, the name of a place or locality. London Academy.
	 -- To give place, to make room; to yield; to give way; to give
	advantage. "Neither give place to the devil." Eph. iv. 27. "Let all
	the rest give place." Shak.
	 -- To have place, to have a station, room, or seat; as, such desires
	can have no place in a good heart.
	 -- To take place. (a) To come to pass; to occur; as, the ceremony
	will not take place. (b) To take precedence or priority. Addison. (c)
	To take effect; to prevail. "If your doctrine takes place." Berkeley.
	"But none of these excuses would take place." Spenser.
	 -- To take the place of, to be substituted for.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Situation; seat; abode; position; locality; location; site; spot;
	office; employment; charge; function; trust; ground; room; stead.
	
	PLACE
	Place, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Placed; p. pr. & vb. n. Placing.] Etym:
	[Cf. F. placer. See Place, n.]
	
	1. To assign a place to; to put in a particular spot or place, or in
	a certain relative position; to direct to a particular place; to fix;
	to settle; to locate; as, to place a book on a shelf; to place balls
	in tennis.
	Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown. Shak.
	
	2. To put or set in a particular rank, office, or position; to
	surround with particular circumstances or relations in life; to
	appoint to certain station or condition of life; as, in whatever
	sphere one is placed.
	Place such over them to be rulers. Ex. xviii. 21.
	
	3. To put out at interest; to invest; to loan; as, to place money in
	a bank.
	
	4. To set; to fix; to repose; as, to place confidence in a friend.
	"My resolution 's placed." Shak.
	
	5. To attribute; to ascribe; to set down.
	Place it for her chief virtue. Shak.
	To place (a person), to identify him. [Colloq. U.S.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Put.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  one
	ONE
	One, a. Etym: [OE. one, on, an, AS. än; akin to D. een, OS. ën,
	OFries. ën, än, G. ein, Dan. een, Sw. en, Icel. einn, Goth. ains, W.
	un, Ir. & Gael. aon, L. unus, earlier oinos, oenos, Gr. ëka. The same
	word as the indefinite article a, an. sq. root 299. Cf. 2d A, 1st An,
	Alone, Anon, Any, None, Nonce, Only, Onion, Unit.]
	
	1. Being a single unit, or entire being or thing, and no more; not
	multifold; single; individual.
	The dream of Pharaoh is one. Gen. xli. 25.
	O that we now had here But one ten thousand of those men in England.
	Shak.
	
	2. Denoting a person or thing conceived or spoken of indefinitely; a
	certain. "I am the sister of one Claudio" [Shak.], that is, of a
	certain man named Claudio.
	
	3. Pointing out a contrast, or denoting a particular thing or person
	different from some other specified; -- used as a correlative
	adjective, with or without the.
	From the one side of heaven unto the other. Deut. iv. 32.
	
	4. Closely bound together; undivided; united; constituting a whole.
	The church is therefore one, though the members may be many. Bp.
	Pearson
	
	5. Single in kind; the same; a common.
	One plague was on you all, and on your lords. 1 Sam. vi. 4.
	
	6. Single; inmarried. [Obs.]
	Men may counsel a woman to be one. Chaucer.
	
	Note: One is often used in forming compound words, the meaning of
	which is obvious; as, one-armed, one-celled, one-eyed, one-handed,
	one-hearted, one-horned, one-idead, one-leaved, one-masted, one-
	ribbed, one-story, one-syllable, one-stringed, one-winged, etc. All
	one, of the same or equal nature, or consequence; as, he says that it
	is all one what course you take. Shak.
	 -- One day. (a) On a certain day, not definitely specified,
	referring to time past.
	One day when Phoebe fair, With all her band, was following the chase.
	Spenser.
	(b) Referring to future time: At some uncertain day or period; some
	day.
	Well, I will marry one day. Shak.
	
	ONE
	One, n.
	
	1. A single unit; as, one is the base of all numbers.
	
	2. A symbol representing a unit, as 1, or i.
	
	3. A single person or thing. "The shining ones." Bunyan. "Hence, with
	your little ones." Shak.
	He will hate the one, and love the other. Matt. vi. 24.
	That we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left
	hand, in thy glory. Mark x. 37.
	After one, after one fashion; alike. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- At one, in agreement or concord. See At one, in the Vocab.
	 -- Ever in one, continually; perpetually; always. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- In one, in union; in a single whole.
	 -- One and one, One by one, singly; one at a time; one after
	another."Raising one by one the suppliant crew." Dryden.
	
	ONE
	One, indef. pron.
	
	Defn: Any person, indefinitely; a person or body; as, what one would
	have well done, one should do one's self.
	It was well worth one's while. Hawthorne.
	Against this sort of condemnation one must steel one's self as one
	best can. G. Eliot.
	
	Note: One is often used with some, any, no, each, every, such, a,
	many a, another, the other, etc. It is sometimes joined with another,
	to denote a reciprocal relation.
	When any one heareth the word. Matt. xiii. 19.
	She knew every one who was any one in the land of Bohemia. Compton
	Reade.
	The Peloponnesians and the Athenians fought against one another.
	Jowett (Thucyd. ).
	The gentry received one another. Thackeray.
	
	ONE
	One, v. t.
	
	Defn: To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to
	unite; to assimilite. [Obs.]
	The rich folk that embraced and oned all their heart to treasure of
	the world. Chaucer.
	

Look up word:  location
	LOCATION
	Lo*ca"tion, n. Etym: [L. locatio, fr. locare.]
	
	1. The act or process of locating.
	
	2. Situation; place; locality. Locke.
	
	3. That which is located; a tract of land designated in place. [U.S.]
	
	4. (Law)
	(a) (Civil Law) A leasing on rent.
	(b) (Scots Law) A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a
	person, for hire. Wharton. (c) (Amer. Law)
	
	Defn: The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or
	site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an
	entry, plan, map, etc. Burrill. Bouvier.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  different
	DIFFERENT
	Dif"fer*ent, a. Etym: [L. differens, -entis, p. pr. of differre: cf.
	F. différent.]
	
	1. Distinct; separate; not the same; other. "Five different
	churches." Addison.
	
	2. Of various or contrary nature, form, or quality; partially or
	totally unlike; dissimilar; as, different kinds of food or drink;
	different states of health; different shapes; different degrees of
	excellence.
	Men are as different from each other, as the regions in which they
	are born are different. Dryden.
	
	Note: Different is properly followed by from. Different to, for
	different from, is a common English colloquialism. Different than is
	quite inadmissible.
	

Look up word:  factory
	FACTORY
	Fac"to*ry, n.; pl. Factories (-r. Etym: [Cf. F. factorerie.]
	
	1. A house or place where factors, or commercial agents, reside, to
	transact business for their employers. "The Company's factory at
	Madras." Burke.
	
	2. The body of factors in any place; as, a chaplain to a British
	factory. W. Guthrie.
	
	3. A building, or collection of buildings, appropriated to the
	manufacture of goods; the place where workmen are employed in
	fabricating goods, wares, or utensils; a manufactory; as, a cotton
	factory. Factory leg (Med.), a variety of bandy leg, associated with
	partial dislocation of the tibia, produced in young children by
	working in factories.
	

Look up word:  When
	WHEN
	When, adv. Etym: [OE. when, whan, whenne, whanne, AS. hwænne, hwanne,
	hwonne; akin to OS. hwan, OD. wan, OHG. wanne, G. wann when, wenn if,
	when, Goth. hwan when, and to E. who. Who.]
	
	1. At what time; -- used interrogatively.
	When shall these things be Matt. xxiv. 3.
	
	Note: See the Note under What, pron., 1.
	
	2. At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just
	after, the moment that; -- used relatively.
	Kings may Take their advantage when and how they list. Daniel.
	Book lore ne'er served, when trial came, Nor gifts, when faith was
	dead. J. H. Newman.
	
	3. While; whereas; although; -- used in the manner of a conjunction
	to introduce a dependent adverbial sentence or clause, having a
	causal, conditional, or adversative relation to the principal
	proposition; as, he chose to turn highwayman when he might have
	continued an honest man; he removed the tree when it was the best in
	the grounds.
	
	4. Which time; then; -- used elliptically as a noun.
	I was adopted heir by his consent; Since when, his oath is broke.
	Shak.
	
	Note: When was formerly used as an exclamation of surprise or
	impatience, like what!
	Come hither; mend my ruff: Here, when! thou art such a tedious lady!
	J. Webster.
	When as, When that, at the time that; when. [Obs.]
	When as sacred light began to dawn. Milton.
	When that mine eye is famished for a look. Shak.
	

Look up word:  type
	TYPE
	Type, n. Etym: [F. type; cf. It. tipo, from L. typus a figure, image,
	a form, type, character, Gr. tup to hurt.]
	
	1. The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign;
	emblem.
	The faith they have in tennis, and tall stockings, Short blistered
	breeches, and those types of travel. Shak.
	
	2. Form or character impressed; style; semblance.
	Thy father bears the type of king of Naples. Shak.
	
	3. A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign;
	a symbol; -- correlative to antitype.
	A type is no longer a type when the thing typified comes to be
	actually exhibited. South.
	
	4. That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the
	representative. Specifically: (a) (Biol.)
	
	Defn: A general form or structure common to a number of individuals;
	hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group,
	combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant
	possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a
	species, genus, or other group. Also, a group or division of animals
	having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body
	maintained within the group.
	Since the time of Cuvier and Baer . . . the whole animal kingdom has
	been universally held to be divisible into a small number of main
	divisions or types. Haeckel.
	(b) (Fine Arts)
	
	Defn: The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or
	conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on
	the face of a medal or a coin.
	(c) (Chem.) A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which
	other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from
	which they may be actually or theoretically derived.
	
	Note: The fundamental types used to express the simplest and most
	essential chemical relations are hydrochloric acid, HCl; water, H2O;
	ammonia, NH3; and methane, CH4.
	
	5. (Typog.)
	(a) A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in
	metal or cut in wood, used in printing.
	(b) Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of
	them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of
	such letters or characters, however disposed.
	
	Note: Type are mostly made by casting type metal in a mold, though
	some of the larger sizes are made from maple, mahogany, or boxwood.
	In the cut, a is the body; b, the face, or part from which the
	impression is taken; c, the shoulder, or top of the body; d, the nick
	(sometimes two or more are made), designed to assist the compositor
	in distinguishing the bottom of the face from the top; e, the groove
	made in the process of finishing, -- each type as cast having
	attached to the bottom of the body a jet, or small piece of metal
	(formed by the surplus metal poured into the mold), which, when
	broken off, leaves a roughness that requires to be removed. The fine
	lines at the top and bottom of a letter are technically called
	ceriphs, and when part of the face projects over the body, as in the
	letter f, the projection is called a kern. The type which compose an
	ordinary book font consist of Roman CAPITALS, small capitals, and
	lower-case letters, and Italic CAPITALS and lower-case letters, with
	accompanying figures, points, and reference marks, -- in all about
	two hundred characters. Including the various modern styles of fancy
	type, some three or four hundred varieties of face are made. Besides
	the ordinary Roman and Italic, some of the most important of the
	varieties are --
	Old English. Black Letter. Old Style. French Elzevir. Boldface.
	Antique. Clarendon. Gothic. Typewriter. Script. The smallest body in
	common use is diamond; then follow in order of size, pearl, agate,
	nonpareil, minion, brevier, bourgeois (or two-line diamond), long
	primer (or two-line pearl), small pica (or two-line agate), pica (or
	two-line nonpareil), English (or two-line minion), Columbian (or two-
	line brevier), great primer (two-line bourgeois), paragon (or two-
	line long primer), double small pica (or two-line small pica), double
	pica (or two-line pica), double English (or two-line English), double
	great primer (or two-line great primer), double paragon (or two-line
	paragon), canon (or two-line double pica). Above this, the sizes are
	called five-line pica, six-line pica, seven-line pica, and so on,
	being made mostly of wood. The following alphabets show the different
	sizes up to great primer.
	Brilliant . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Diamond . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Pearl . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Agate . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Nonpareil . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Minion . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Brevier . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Bourgeois . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Long primer . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Small pica . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Pica . . . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz English . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Columbian . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Great primer . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz The foregoing account
	is conformed to the designations made use of by American type
	founders, but is substantially correct for England. Agate, however,
	is called ruby, in England, where, also, a size intermediate between
	nonpareil and minion is employed, called emerald. Point system of
	type bodies (Type Founding), a system adopted by the type founders of
	the United States by which the various sizes of type have been so
	modified and changed that each size bears an exact proportional
	relation to every other size. The system is a modification of a
	French system, and is based on the pica body. This pica body is
	divided into twelfths, which are termed "points," and every type body
	consist of a given number of these points. Many of the type founders
	indicate the new sizes of type by the number of points, and the old
	names are gradually being done away with. By the point system type
	founders cast type of a uniform size and height, whereas formerly
	fonts of pica or other type made by different founders would often
	vary slightly so that they could not be used together. There are no
	type in actual use corresponding to the smaller theoretical sizes of
	the point system. In some cases, as in that of ruby, the term used
	designates a different size from that heretofore so called.
	1 American 9 Bourgeois | | 1| 2 Saxon 10 Long Primer | | 2| 3
	Brilliant 11 Small Pica | | 3| | 4 Excelsior | 4| | 5 Pearl 16
	Columbian | | 5| 6 Nonpareil 18 Great Primer | | 7 Minion | 8 Brevier
	20 Paragon | | Diagram of the "points" by which sizes of Type are
	graduated in the "Point System". Type founder, one who casts or
	manufacture type.
	 -- Type foundry, Type foundery, a place for the manufacture of type.
	 -- Type metal, an alloy used in making type, stereotype plates,
	etc., and in backing up electrotype plates. It consists essentially
	of lead and antimony, often with a little tin, nickel, or copper.
	 -- Type wheel, a wheel having raised letters or characters on its
	periphery, and used in typewriters, printing telegraphs, etc.
	 -- Unity of type (Biol.), that fundamental agreement in structure
	which is seen in organic beings of the same class, and is quite
	independent of their habits of life. Darwin.
	
	TYPE
	Type, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Typed; p. pr. & vb. n. Typing.]
	
	1. To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
	[R.] White (Johnson).
	
	2. To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify. [R.]
	Let us type them now in our own lives. Tennyson.
	

Look up word:  was
	WAS
	Was. Etym: [AS. wæs, 2d pers. wære, 3d pers. wæs, pl. wæron, with the
	inf. wesan to be; akin to D. wezen, imp. was, OHG. wesan, imp. was,
	G. wesen, n., a being, essence, war was, Icel. vera to be, imp. var,
	Goth. wisan to be, to dwell, to remain, imp. was, Skr. vas to remain,
	to dwell. sq. root148. Cf. Vernacular, Wassail, Were, v.]
	
	Defn: The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the
	indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
	

Look up word:  all
	ALL
	All, a. Etym: [OE. al, pl. alle, AS. eal, pl. ealle, Northumbrian
	alle, akin to D. & OHG. al, Ger. all, Icel. allr. Dan. al, Sw. all,
	Goth. alls; and perh. to Ir. and Gael. uile, W. oll.]
	
	1. The whole quantity, extent, duration, amount, quality, or degree
	of; the whole; the whole number of; any whatever; every; as, all the
	wheat; all the land; all the year; all the strength; all happiness;
	all abundance; loss of all power; beyond all doubt; you will see us
	all (or all of us).
	Prove all things: hold fast that which is good. 1 Thess. v. 21.
	
	2. Any. [Obs.] "Without all remedy." Shak.
	
	Note: When the definite article "the," or a possessive or a
	demonstrative pronoun, is joined to the noun that all qualifies, all
	precedes the article or the pronoun; as, all the cattle; all my
	labor; all his wealth; all our families; all your citizens; all their
	property; all other joys.
	
	Note: This word, not only in popular language, but in the Scriptures,
	often signifies, indefinitely, a large portion or number, or a great
	part. Thus, all the cattle in Egypt died, all Judea and all the
	region round about Jordan, all men held John as a prophet, are not to
	be understood in a literal sense, but as including a large part, or
	very great numbers.
	
	3. Only; alone; nothing but.
	I was born to speak all mirth and no matter. Shak.
	All the whole, the whole (emphatically). [Obs.] "All the whole army."
	Shak.
	
	ALL
	All, adv.
	
	1. Wholly; completely; altogether; entirely; quite; very; as, all
	bedewed; my friend is all for amusement. "And cheeks all pale."
	Byron.
	
	Note: In the ancient phrases, all too dear, all too much, all so
	long, etc., this word retains its appropriate sense or becomes
	intensive.
	
	2. Even; just. (Often a mere intensive adjunct.) [Obs. or Poet.]
	All as his straying flock he fed. Spenser.
	A damsel lay deploring All on a rock reclined. Gay.
	All to, or All-to. In such phrases as "all to rent," "all to break,"
	"all-to frozen," etc., which are of frequent occurrence in our old
	authors, the all and the to have commonly been regarded as forming a
	compound adverb, equivalent in meaning to entirely, completely,
	altogether. But the sense of entireness lies wholly in the word all
	(as it does in "all forlorn," and similar expressions), and the to
	properly belongs to the following word, being a kind of intensive
	prefix (orig. meaning asunder and answering to the LG. ter-, HG. zer-
	). It is frequently to be met with in old books, used without the
	all. Thus Wyclif says, "The vail of the temple was to rent:" and of
	Judas, "He was hanged and to-burst the middle:" i. e., burst in two,
	or asunder.
	 -- All along. See under Along.
	 -- All and some, individually and collectively, one and all. [Obs.]
	"Displeased all and some." Fairfax.
	 -- All but. (a) Scarcely; not even. [Obs.] Shak. (b) Almost; nearly.
	"The fine arts were all but proscribed." Macaulay.
	 -- All hollow, entirely, completely; as, to beat any one all hollow.
	[Low] -- All one, the same thing in effect; that is, wholly the same
	thing.
	 -- All over, over the whole extent; thoroughly; wholly; as, she is
	her mother all over. [Colloq.] -- All the better, wholly the better;
	that is, better by the whole difference.
	 -- All the same, nevertheless. "There they [certain phenomena]
	remain rooted all the same, whether we recognize them or not." J. C.
	Shairp. "But Rugby is a very nice place all the same." T. Arnold.
	 -- See also under All, n.
	
	ALL
	All, n.
	
	Defn: The whole number, quantity, or amount; the entire thing;
	everything included or concerned; the aggregate; the whole; totality;
	everything or every person; as, our all is at stake.
	Death, as the Psalmist saith, is certain to all. Shak.
	All that thou seest is mine. Gen. xxxi. 43.
	
	Note: All is used with of, like a partitive; as, all of a thing, all
	of us. After all, after considering everything to the contrary;
	nevertheless.
	 -- All in all, a phrase which signifies all things to a person, or
	everything desired; (also adverbially) wholly; altogether.
	Thou shalt be all in all, and I in thee, Forever. Milton.
	Trust me not at all, or all in all. Tennyson.
	-- All in the wind (Naut.), a phrase denoting that the sails are
	parallel with the course of the wind, so as to shake.
	 -- All told, all counted; in all.
	 -- And all, and the rest; and everything connected. "Bring our crown
	and all." Shak.
	 -- At all. (a) In every respect; wholly; thoroughly. [Obs.] "She is
	a shrew at al(l)." Chaucer. (b) A phrase much used by way of
	enforcement or emphasis, usually in negative or interrogative
	sentences, and signifying in any way or respect; in the least degree
	or to the least extent; in the least; under any circumstances; as, he
	has no ambition at all; has he any property at all "Nothing at all. "
	Shak. "It thy father at all miss me." 1 Sam. xx. 6.
	 -- Over all, everywhere. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	Note: All is much used in composition to enlarge the meaning, or add
	force to a word. In some instances, it is completely incorporated
	into words, and its final consonant is dropped, as in almighty,
	already, always: but, in most instances, it is an adverb prefixed to
	adjectives or participles, but usually with a hyphen, as, all-
	bountiful, all-glorious, allimportant, all-surrounding, etc. In
	others it is an adjective; as, allpower, all-giver. Anciently many
	words, as, alabout, alaground, etc., were compounded with all, which
	are now written separately.
	
	ALL
	All, conj. Etym: [Orig. all, adv., wholly: used with though or if,
	which being dropped before the subjunctive left all as if in the
	sense although.]
	
	Defn: Although; albeit. [Obs.]
	All they were wondrous loth. Spenser.
	
	ALLA BREVE
	Al`la bre"ve. Etym: [It., according to the breve.] (Old Church Music)
	
	Defn: With one breve, or four minims, to measure, and sung faster
	like four crotchets; in quick common time; -- indicated in the time
	signature by
	

Look up word:  metal
	METAL
	Met"al ( or ; 277), n. Etym: [F. métal, L. metallum metal, mine, Gr.
	Mettle, Medal.]
	
	1. (Chem.)
	
	Defn: An elementary substance, as sodium, calcium, or copper, whose
	oxide or hydroxide has basic rather than acid properties, as
	contrasted with the nonmetals, or metalloids. No sharp line can be
	drawn between the metals and nonmetals, and certain elements partake
	of both acid and basic qualities, as chromium, manganese, bismuth,
	etc.
	
	Note: Popularly, the name is applied to certain hard, fusible metals,
	as gold, silver, copper, iron, tin, lead, zinc, nickel, etc., and
	also to the mixed metals, or metallic alloys, as brass, bronze,
	steel, bell metal, etc.
	
	2. Ore from which a metal is derived; -- so called by miners.
	Raymond.
	
	3. A mine from which ores are taken. [Obs.]
	Slaves . . . and persons condemned to metals. Jer. Taylor.
	
	4. The substance of which anything is made; material; hence,
	constitutional disposition; character; temper.
	Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Shak.
	
	5. Courage; spirit; mettle. See Mettle. Shak.
	
	Note: The allusion is to the temper of the metal of a sword blade.
	Skeat.
	
	6. The broken stone used in macadamizing roads and ballasting
	railroads.
	
	7. The effective power or caliber of guns carried by a vessel of war.
	
	8. Glass in a state of fusion. Knight.
	
	9. pl.
	
	Defn: The rails of a railroad. [Eng.] Base metal (Chem.), any one of
	the metals, as iron, lead, etc., which are readily tarnished or
	oxidized, in contrast with the noble metals. In general, a metal of
	small value, as compared with gold or silver.
	 -- Fusible metal (Metal.), a very fusible alloy, usually consisting
	of bismuth with lead, tin, or cadmium.
	 -- Heavy metals (Chem.), the metallic elements not included in the
	groups of the alkalies, alkaline earths, or the earths; specifically,
	the heavy metals, as gold, mercury, platinum, lead, silver, etc.
	 -- Light metals (Chem.), the metallic elements of the alkali and
	alkaline earth groups, as sodium, lithium, calcium, magnesium, etc.;
	also, sometimes, the metals of the earths, as aluminium.
	 -- Muntz metal, an alloy for sheathing and other purposes,
	consisting of about sixty per cent of copper, and forty of zinc.
	Sometimes a little lead is added. It is named from the inventor.
	 -- Prince's metal (Old Chem.), an alloy resembling brass, consisting
	of three parts of copper to one of zinc; -- also called Prince
	Rupert's metal.
	
	METAL
	Met"al, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Metaled ( or ) or Metalled; p. pr. & vb.
	n. Metaling or Metalling.]
	
	Defn: To cover with metal; as, to metal a ship's bottom; to metal a
	road.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  typical
	TYPICAL
	Typ"ic*al, a. Etym: [L. typicus, Gr. typique. See Type.]
	
	1. Of the nature of a type; representing something by a form, model,
	or resemblance; emblematic; prefigurative.
	The Levitical priesthood was only typical of the Christian.
	Atterbury.
	
	2. (Nat. Hist.)
	
	Defn: Combining or exhibiting the essential characteristics of a
	group; as, a typical genus.
	 -- Typ"ic*al*ly, adv.
	 -- Typ"ic*al*ness, n.
	

Look up word:  worth
	WORTH
	Worth, v. i. Etym: [OE. worthen, wurÞen, to become, AS. weorthan;
	akin to OS. werthan, D. worden, G. werden, OHG. werdan, Icel. vertha,
	Sw. varda, Goth. waírpan, L. vertere to turn, Skr. vrt, v. i., to
	turn, to roll, to become. *143. Cf. Verse, -ward, Weird.]
	
	Defn: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases,
	woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in
	the imperative, and the nouns day, man, etc., are in the dative. Woe
	be to the day, woe be to the man, etc., are equivalent phrases.
	I counsel . . . to let the cat worthe. Piers Plowman.
	He worth upon [got upon] his steed gray. Chaucer.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, a. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurE; akin to OFries.
	werth, OS. werth, D. waard, OHG. werd, G. wert, werth, Icel. verthr,
	Sw. värd, Dan. værd, Goth. waírps, and perhaps to E. wary. Cf.
	Stalwart, Ware an article of merchandise, Worship.]
	
	1. Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while. [Obs.]
	It was not worth to make it wise. Chaucer.
	
	2. Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be
	exchanged for.
	A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats. Shak.
	All our doings without charity are nothing worth. Bk. of Com. Prayer.
	If your arguments produce no conviction, they are worth nothing to
	me. Beattie.
	
	3. Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good
	sense.
	To reign is worth ambition, though in hell. Milton.
	This is life indeed, life worth preserving. Addison.
	
	4. Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value
	of.
	At Geneva are merchants reckoned worth twenty hundred crowns.
	Addison.
	Worth while, or Worth the while. See under While, n.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, n. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurth; weorth, wurth,
	adj. See Worth, a.]
	
	1. That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum
	of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value;
	hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent
	in exchange; price.
	What 's worth in anything But so much money as 't will bring
	Hudibras.
	
	2. Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence;
	virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate
	of great worth.
	To be of worth, and worthy estimation. Shak.
	As none but she, who in that court did dwell, Could know such worth,
	or worth describe so well. Waller.
	To think how modest worth neglected lies. Shenstone.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Desert; merit; excellence; price; rate.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  worth
	WORTH
	Worth, v. i. Etym: [OE. worthen, wurÞen, to become, AS. weorthan;
	akin to OS. werthan, D. worden, G. werden, OHG. werdan, Icel. vertha,
	Sw. varda, Goth. waírpan, L. vertere to turn, Skr. vrt, v. i., to
	turn, to roll, to become. *143. Cf. Verse, -ward, Weird.]
	
	Defn: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases,
	woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in
	the imperative, and the nouns day, man, etc., are in the dative. Woe
	be to the day, woe be to the man, etc., are equivalent phrases.
	I counsel . . . to let the cat worthe. Piers Plowman.
	He worth upon [got upon] his steed gray. Chaucer.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, a. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurE; akin to OFries.
	werth, OS. werth, D. waard, OHG. werd, G. wert, werth, Icel. verthr,
	Sw. värd, Dan. værd, Goth. waírps, and perhaps to E. wary. Cf.
	Stalwart, Ware an article of merchandise, Worship.]
	
	1. Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while. [Obs.]
	It was not worth to make it wise. Chaucer.
	
	2. Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be
	exchanged for.
	A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats. Shak.
	All our doings without charity are nothing worth. Bk. of Com. Prayer.
	If your arguments produce no conviction, they are worth nothing to
	me. Beattie.
	
	3. Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good
	sense.
	To reign is worth ambition, though in hell. Milton.
	This is life indeed, life worth preserving. Addison.
	
	4. Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value
	of.
	At Geneva are merchants reckoned worth twenty hundred crowns.
	Addison.
	Worth while, or Worth the while. See under While, n.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, n. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurth; weorth, wurth,
	adj. See Worth, a.]
	
	1. That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum
	of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value;
	hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent
	in exchange; price.
	What 's worth in anything But so much money as 't will bring
	Hudibras.
	
	2. Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence;
	virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate
	of great worth.
	To be of worth, and worthy estimation. Shak.
	As none but she, who in that court did dwell, Could know such worth,
	or worth describe so well. Waller.
	To think how modest worth neglected lies. Shenstone.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Desert; merit; excellence; price; rate.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  type
	TYPE
	Type, n. Etym: [F. type; cf. It. tipo, from L. typus a figure, image,
	a form, type, character, Gr. tup to hurt.]
	
	1. The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign;
	emblem.
	The faith they have in tennis, and tall stockings, Short blistered
	breeches, and those types of travel. Shak.
	
	2. Form or character impressed; style; semblance.
	Thy father bears the type of king of Naples. Shak.
	
	3. A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign;
	a symbol; -- correlative to antitype.
	A type is no longer a type when the thing typified comes to be
	actually exhibited. South.
	
	4. That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the
	representative. Specifically: (a) (Biol.)
	
	Defn: A general form or structure common to a number of individuals;
	hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group,
	combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant
	possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a
	species, genus, or other group. Also, a group or division of animals
	having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body
	maintained within the group.
	Since the time of Cuvier and Baer . . . the whole animal kingdom has
	been universally held to be divisible into a small number of main
	divisions or types. Haeckel.
	(b) (Fine Arts)
	
	Defn: The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or
	conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on
	the face of a medal or a coin.
	(c) (Chem.) A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which
	other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from
	which they may be actually or theoretically derived.
	
	Note: The fundamental types used to express the simplest and most
	essential chemical relations are hydrochloric acid, HCl; water, H2O;
	ammonia, NH3; and methane, CH4.
	
	5. (Typog.)
	(a) A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in
	metal or cut in wood, used in printing.
	(b) Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of
	them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of
	such letters or characters, however disposed.
	
	Note: Type are mostly made by casting type metal in a mold, though
	some of the larger sizes are made from maple, mahogany, or boxwood.
	In the cut, a is the body; b, the face, or part from which the
	impression is taken; c, the shoulder, or top of the body; d, the nick
	(sometimes two or more are made), designed to assist the compositor
	in distinguishing the bottom of the face from the top; e, the groove
	made in the process of finishing, -- each type as cast having
	attached to the bottom of the body a jet, or small piece of metal
	(formed by the surplus metal poured into the mold), which, when
	broken off, leaves a roughness that requires to be removed. The fine
	lines at the top and bottom of a letter are technically called
	ceriphs, and when part of the face projects over the body, as in the
	letter f, the projection is called a kern. The type which compose an
	ordinary book font consist of Roman CAPITALS, small capitals, and
	lower-case letters, and Italic CAPITALS and lower-case letters, with
	accompanying figures, points, and reference marks, -- in all about
	two hundred characters. Including the various modern styles of fancy
	type, some three or four hundred varieties of face are made. Besides
	the ordinary Roman and Italic, some of the most important of the
	varieties are --
	Old English. Black Letter. Old Style. French Elzevir. Boldface.
	Antique. Clarendon. Gothic. Typewriter. Script. The smallest body in
	common use is diamond; then follow in order of size, pearl, agate,
	nonpareil, minion, brevier, bourgeois (or two-line diamond), long
	primer (or two-line pearl), small pica (or two-line agate), pica (or
	two-line nonpareil), English (or two-line minion), Columbian (or two-
	line brevier), great primer (two-line bourgeois), paragon (or two-
	line long primer), double small pica (or two-line small pica), double
	pica (or two-line pica), double English (or two-line English), double
	great primer (or two-line great primer), double paragon (or two-line
	paragon), canon (or two-line double pica). Above this, the sizes are
	called five-line pica, six-line pica, seven-line pica, and so on,
	being made mostly of wood. The following alphabets show the different
	sizes up to great primer.
	Brilliant . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Diamond . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Pearl . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Agate . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Nonpareil . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Minion . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Brevier . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Bourgeois . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Long primer . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Small pica . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Pica . . . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz English . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Columbian . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Great primer . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz The foregoing account
	is conformed to the designations made use of by American type
	founders, but is substantially correct for England. Agate, however,
	is called ruby, in England, where, also, a size intermediate between
	nonpareil and minion is employed, called emerald. Point system of
	type bodies (Type Founding), a system adopted by the type founders of
	the United States by which the various sizes of type have been so
	modified and changed that each size bears an exact proportional
	relation to every other size. The system is a modification of a
	French system, and is based on the pica body. This pica body is
	divided into twelfths, which are termed "points," and every type body
	consist of a given number of these points. Many of the type founders
	indicate the new sizes of type by the number of points, and the old
	names are gradually being done away with. By the point system type
	founders cast type of a uniform size and height, whereas formerly
	fonts of pica or other type made by different founders would often
	vary slightly so that they could not be used together. There are no
	type in actual use corresponding to the smaller theoretical sizes of
	the point system. In some cases, as in that of ruby, the term used
	designates a different size from that heretofore so called.
	1 American 9 Bourgeois | | 1| 2 Saxon 10 Long Primer | | 2| 3
	Brilliant 11 Small Pica | | 3| | 4 Excelsior | 4| | 5 Pearl 16
	Columbian | | 5| 6 Nonpareil 18 Great Primer | | 7 Minion | 8 Brevier
	20 Paragon | | Diagram of the "points" by which sizes of Type are
	graduated in the "Point System". Type founder, one who casts or
	manufacture type.
	 -- Type foundry, Type foundery, a place for the manufacture of type.
	 -- Type metal, an alloy used in making type, stereotype plates,
	etc., and in backing up electrotype plates. It consists essentially
	of lead and antimony, often with a little tin, nickel, or copper.
	 -- Type wheel, a wheel having raised letters or characters on its
	periphery, and used in typewriters, printing telegraphs, etc.
	 -- Unity of type (Biol.), that fundamental agreement in structure
	which is seen in organic beings of the same class, and is quite
	independent of their habits of life. Darwin.
	
	TYPE
	Type, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Typed; p. pr. & vb. n. Typing.]
	
	1. To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
	[R.] White (Johnson).
	
	2. To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify. [R.]
	Let us type them now in our own lives. Tennyson.
	

Look up word:  would
	WOULD
	Would, imp. of Will. Etym: [OE. & AS. wolde. See Will, v. t.]
	
	Defn: Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or
	in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will.
	
	Note: Would was formerly used also as the past participle of Will.
	Right as our Lord hath would. Chaucer.
	
	WOULD
	Would, n.
	
	Defn: See 2d Weld.
	
	WOULD-BE
	Would"-be
	
	Defn: ' (as, a would-be poet.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  bulky
	BULKY
	Bulk"y, a.
	
	Defn: Of great bulk or dimensions; of great size; large; thick;
	massive; as, bulky volumes.
	A bulky digest of the revenue laws. Hawthorne.
	

Look up word:  fragile
	FRAGILE
	Frag"ile, a. Etym: [L. fragilis, from frangere to break; cf. F.
	fragile. See Break, v. t., and cf. Frail, a.]
	
	Defn: Easily broken; brittle; frail; delicate; easily destroyed.
	The state of ivy is tough, and not fragile. Bacon.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Brittle; infirm; weak; frail; frangible; slight.
	 -- Frag"ile*ly, adv.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  heavy
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, a.
	
	Defn: Having the heaves.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, a. [Compar. Heavier; superl. Heaviest.] Etym: [OE. hevi, AS.
	hefig, fr. hebban to lift, heave; akin to OHG. hebig, hevig, Icel.
	höfigr, höfugr. See Heave.]
	
	1. Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as, a
	heavy stone; hence, sometimes, large in extent, quantity, or effects;
	as, a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business
	transactions, etc.; often implying strength; as, a heavy barrier;
	also, difficult to move; as, a heavy draught.
	
	2. Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or
	accomplish; hence, grievous, afflictive; as, heavy yokes, expenses,
	undertakings, trials, news, etc.
	The hand of the Lord was heavy upon them of Ashdod. 1 Sam. v. 6.
	The king himself hath a heavy reckoning to make. Shak.
	Sent hither to impart the heavy news. Wordsworth.
	Trust him not in matter of heavy consequence. Shak.
	
	3. Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed
	down, either with an actual burden, or with care, grief, pain,
	disappointment.
	The heavy [sorrowing] nobles all in council were. Chapman.
	A light wife doth make a heavy husband. Shak.
	
	4. Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid;
	as, a heavy gait, looks, manners, style, and the like; a heavy writer
	or book.
	Whilst the heavy plowman snores. Shak.
	Of a heavy, dull, degenerate mind. Dryden.
	Neither [is] his ear heavy, that it can not hear. Is. lix. 1.
	
	5. Strong; violent; forcible; as, a heavy sea, storm, cannonade, and
	the like.
	
	6. Loud; deep; -- said of sound; as, heavy thunder.
	But, hark! that heavy sound breaks in once more. Byron.
	
	7. Dark with clouds, or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky.
	
	8. Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth; as, a heavy
	road, soil, and the like.
	
	9. Not raised or made light; as, heavy bread.
	
	10. Not agreeable to, or suitable for, the stomach; not easily
	digested; -- said of food.
	
	11. Having much body or strength; -- said of wines, or other liquors.
	
	12. With child; pregnant. [R.] Heavy artillery. (Mil.) (a) Guns of
	great weight or large caliber, esp. siege, garrison, and seacoast
	guns. (b) Troops which serve heavy guns.
	 -- Heavy cavalry. See under Cavalry.
	 -- Heavy fire (Mil.), a continuous or destructive cannonading, or
	discharge of small arms.
	 -- Heavy metal (Mil.), large guns carrying balls of a large size;
	also, large balls for such guns.
	 -- Heavy metals. (Chem.) See under Metal.
	 -- Heavy weight, in wrestling, boxing, etc., a term applied to the
	heaviest of the classes into which contestants are divided. Cf.
	Feather weight (c), under Feather.
	
	Note: Heavy is used in composition to form many words which need no
	special explanation; as, heavy-built, heavy-browed, heavy-gaited,
	etc.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y
	
	Defn: , adv. Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition; as, heavy-
	laden.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, v. t.
	
	Defn: To make heavy. [Obs.] Wyclif.
	
	HEAVY-ARMED
	Heav"y-armed`, a. (Mil.)
	
	Defn: Wearing heavy or complete armor; carrying heavy arms.
	
	HEAVY-HADED
	Heav"y-had"ed, a.
	
	Defn: Clumsy; awkward.
	
	HEAVY-HEADED
	Heav"y-head"ed, a.
	
	Defn: Dull; stupid. "Gross heavy-headed fellows." Beau. & Fl.
	
	HEAVY SPAR
	Heav"y spar`. (Min.)
	
	Defn: Native barium sulphate or barite, -- so called because of its
	high specific gravity as compared with other non-metallic minerals.
	

Look up word:  The
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  less
	LESS
	Less (lês), conj.
	
	Defn: Unless. [Obs.] B. Jonson.
	
	LESS
	Less, a. Etym: [OE. lesse, AS. læssa; akin to OFries. lessa; a
	compar. from a lost positive form. Cf. Lesser, Lest, Least. Less has
	the sense of the comparative degree of little.]
	
	Defn: Smaller; not so large or great; not so much; shorter; inferior;
	as, a less quantity or number; a horse of less size or value; in less
	time than before.
	
	Note: The substantive which less qualifies is often omitted; as, the
	purse contained less (money) than ten dollars. See Less, n.
	Thus in less [time] than a hundred years from the coming of
	Augustine, all England became Christian. E. A. Freeman.
	
	LESS
	Less, adv. Etym: [AS. l. See Less, adj., and cf. Lest.]
	
	Defn: Not so much; in a smaller or lower degree; as, less bright or
	loud; less beautiful.
	
	LESS
	Less, n.
	
	1. A smaller portion or quantity.
	The children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.
	Ex. xvi. 17.
	
	2. The inferior, younger, or smaller.
	The less is blessed of the better. Heb. vii. 7.
	
	LESS
	Less, v. t.
	
	Defn: To make less; to lessen. [Obs.] Gower.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  was
	WAS
	Was. Etym: [AS. wæs, 2d pers. wære, 3d pers. wæs, pl. wæron, with the
	inf. wesan to be; akin to D. wezen, imp. was, OHG. wesan, imp. was,
	G. wesen, n., a being, essence, war was, Icel. vera to be, imp. var,
	Goth. wisan to be, to dwell, to remain, imp. was, Skr. vas to remain,
	to dwell. sq. root148. Cf. Vernacular, Wassail, Were, v.]
	
	Defn: The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the
	indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
	

Look up word:  moved
	Word not found
	MOVED

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  this
	THIS
	This, pron. & a.; pl. These. Etym: [OE. this, thes, AS. th\'c7s,
	masc., theós, fem., this, neut.; akin to OS. these, D. deze, G.
	dieser, OHG. diser, deser, Icel. Þessi; originally from the definite
	article + a particle -se, -si; cf. Goth. sai behold. See The, That,
	and cf. These, Those.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun, this denotes something that is present
	or near in place or time, or something just mentioned, or that is
	just about to be mentioned.
	When they heard this, they were pricked in their heart. Acts ii. 37.
	But know this, that if the good man of the house had known in what
	watch the thief would come, he would have watched. Matt. xxiv. 43.
	
	2. As an adjective, this has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun; as, this book; this way to town.
	
	Note: This may be used as opposed or correlative to that, and
	sometimes as opposed to other or to a second this. See the Note under
	That, 1.
	This way and that wavering sails they bend. Pope.
	A body of this or that denomination is produced. Boyle.
	Their judgment in this we may not, and in that we need not, follow.
	Hooker.
	Consider the arguments which the author had to write this, or to
	design the other, before you arraign him. Dryden.
	Thy crimes . . . soon by this or this will end. Addison.
	
	Note: This, like a, every, that, etc., may refer to a number, as of
	years, persons, etc., taken collectively or as a whole.
	This twenty years have I been with thee.. Gen. xxxi. 38.
	I have not wept this years; but now My mother comes afresh into my
	eyes. Dryden.
	

Look up word:  condition
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. conditio (better condicio)
	agreement, compact, condition; con- + a root signifying to show,
	point out, akin to dicere to say, dicare to proclaim, dedicate. See
	Teach, Token.]
	
	1. Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external
	circumstances or influences, or to physical or mental integrity,
	health, strength, etc.; predicament; rank; position, estate.
	I am in my condition A prince, Miranda; I do think, a king. Shak.
	And O, what man's condition can be worse Than his whom plenty starves
	and blessings curse Cowley.
	The new conditions of life. Darwin.
	
	2. Essential quality; property; attribute.
	It seemed to us a condition and property of divine powers and beings
	to be hidden and unseen to others. Bacon.
	
	3. Temperament; disposition; character. [Obs.]
	The condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil. Shak.
	
	4. That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something
	else; that which is requisite in order that something else should
	take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms
	specified.
	I had as lief take her dowry with this condition, to be whipped at
	the high cross every morning. Shak.
	Many are apt to believe remission of sins, but they believe it
	without the condition of repentance. Jer. Taylor.
	
	5. (Law)
	
	Defn: A clause in a contract, or agreement, which has for its object
	to suspend, to defeat, or in some way to modify, the principal
	obligation; or, in case of a will, to suspend, revoke, or modify a
	devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event,
	which may or may not happen, and on the occurrence or non-occurrence
	of which, the accomplishment, recission, or modification of an
	obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend. Blount.
	Tomlins. Bouvier. Wharton. Equation of condition. (Math.) See under
	Equation.
	 -- On or Upon condition (that), used for if in introducing
	conditional sentences. "Upon condition thou wilt swear to pay him
	tribute . . . thou shalt be placed as viceroy under him." Shak.
	 -- Conditions of sale, the terms on which it is proposed to sell
	property by auction; also, the instrument containing or expressing
	these terms.
	
	Syn.
	 -- State; situation; circumstances; station; case; mode; plight;
	predicament; stipulation; qualification; requisite; article;
	provision; arrangement. See State.
	
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Conditioned; p. pr. & vb. n.
	Conditioning.]
	
	1. To make terms; to stipulate.
	Pay me back my credit, And I'll condition with ye. Beau. & Fl.
	
	2. (Metaph.)
	
	Defn: To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without
	which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.
	To think of a thing is to condition. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, v. t. Etym: [Cf. LL. conditionare. See Condition, n.]
	
	1. To invest with, or limit by, conditions; to burden or qualify by a
	condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.
	Seas, that daily gain upon the shore, Have ebb and flow conditioning
	their march. Tennyson.
	
	2. To contract; to stipulate; to agree.
	It was conditioned between Saturn and Titan, that Saturn should put
	to death all his male children. Sir W. Raleigh.
	
	3. (U. S. Colleges)
	
	Defn: To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination
	or to make up a specified study, as a condition of remaining in one's
	class or in college; as, to condition a student who has failed in
	some branch of study.
	
	4. To test or assay, as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture
	it contains). McElrath.
	
	Defn: train; acclimate.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  better
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, a.; compar. of Good. Etym: [OE. betere, bettre, and as adv.
	bet, AS. betera, adj., and bet, adv.; akin to Icel. betri, adj.,
	betr, adv., Goth. batiza, adj., OHG. bezziro, adj., baz, adv., G.
	besser, adj. and adv., bass, adv., E. boot, and prob. to Skr. bhadra
	excellent. See Boot advantage, and cf. Best, Batful.]
	
	1. Having good qualities in a greater degree than another; as, a
	better man; a better physician; a better house; a better air.
	Could make the worse appear The better reason. Milton.
	
	2. Preferable in regard to rank, value, use, fitness, acceptableness,
	safety, or in any other respect.
	To obey is better than sacrifice. 1 Sam. xv. 22.
	It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes.
	Ps. cxviii. 9.
	
	3. Greater in amount; larger; more.
	
	4. Improved in health; less affected with disease; as, the patient is
	better.
	
	5. More advanced; more perfect; as, upon better acquaintance; a
	better knowledge of the subject. All the better. See under All, adv.
	 -- Better half, an expression used to designate one's wife.
	My dear, my better half (said he), I find I must now leave thee. Sir
	P. Sidney.
	-- To be better off, to be in a better condition.
	 -- Had better. (See under Had).
	
	Note: The phrase had better, followed by an infinitive without to, is
	idiomatic. The earliest form of construction was "were better" with a
	dative; as, "Him were better go beside." (Gower.) i. e., It would be
	better for him, etc. At length the nominative (I, he, they, etc.)
	supplanted the dative and had took the place of were. Thus we have
	the construction now used.
	By all that's holy, he had better starve Than but once think this
	place becomes thee not. Shak.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, n.
	
	1. Advantage, superiority, or victory; -- usually with of; as, to get
	the better of an enemy.
	
	2. One who has a claim to precedence; a superior, as in merit, social
	standing, etc.; -- usually in the plural.
	Their betters would hardly be found. Hooker.
	For the better, in the way of improvement; so as to produce
	improvement. "If I have altered him anywhere for the better." Dryden.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, adv.; compar. of Well.
	
	1. In a superior or more excellent manner; with more skill and
	wisdom, courage, virtue, advantage, or success; as, Henry writes
	better than John; veterans fight better than recruits.
	I could have better spared a better man. Shak.
	
	2. More correctly or thoroughly.
	The better to understand the extent of our knowledge. Locke.
	
	3. In a higher or greater degree; more; as, to love one better than
	another.
	Never was monarch better feared, and loved. Shak.
	
	4. More, in reference to value, distance, time, etc.; as, ten miles
	and better. [Colloq.] To think better of (any one), to have a more
	favorable opinion of any one.
	 -- To think better of (an opinion, resolution, etc.), to reconsider
	and alter one's decision.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Bettered; p. pr. & vb. n. Bettering.]
	Etym: [AS. beterian, betrian, fr. betera better. See Better, a.]
	
	1. To improve or ameliorate; to increase the good qualities of.
	Love betters what is best. Wordsworth.
	He thought to better his circumstances. Thackeray.
	
	2. To improve the condition of, morally, physically, financially,
	socially, or otherwise.
	The constant effort of every man to better himself. Macaulay.
	
	3. To surpass in excellence; to exceed; to excel.
	The works of nature do always aim at that which can not be bettered.
	Hooker.
	
	4. To give advantage to; to support; to advance the interest of.
	[Obs.]
	Weapons more violent, when next we meet, May serve to better us and
	worse our foes. Milton.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To improve; meliorate; ameliorate; mend; amend; correct; emend;
	reform; advance; promote.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, v. i.
	
	Defn: To become better; to improve. Carlyle.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, n.
	
	Defn: One who bets or lays a wager.
	

Look up word:  so
	SO
	So, adv. Etym: [OE. so, sa, swa, AS. swa; akin to OFries, sa, s, D.
	zoo, OS. & OHG. s, G. so, Icel. sva, sv, svo, so, Sw. s, Dan. saa,
	Goth. swa so, sw as; cf. L. suus one's own, Skr. sva one's own, one's
	self. sq. root192. Cf. As, Custom, Ethic, Idiom, Such.]
	
	1. In that manner or degree; as, indicated (in any way), or as
	implied, or as supposed to be known.
	Why is his chariot so long in coming Judges v. 28.
	
	2. In like manner or degree; in the same way; thus; for like reason;
	whith equal reason; -- used correlatively, following as, to denote
	comparison or resemblance; sometimes, also, following inasmuch as.
	As a war should be undertaken upon a just motive, so a prince ought
	to consider the condition he is in. Swift.
	
	3. In such manner; to such degree; -- used correlatively with as or
	that following; as, he was so fortunate as to escape.
	I viewed in may mind, so far as I was able, the beginning and
	progress of a rising world. T. Burnet.
	He is very much in Sir Roger's esteem, so that he lives in the family
	rather as a relation than dependent. Addison.
	
	4. Very; in a high degree; that is, in such a degree as can not well
	be expressed; as, he is so good; he planned so wisely.
	
	5. In the same manner; as has been stated or suggested; in this or
	that condition or state; under these circumstances; in this way; --
	with reflex reference to something just asserted or implied; used
	also with the verb to be, as a predicate.
	Use him [your tutor] with great respect yourself, and cause all your
	family to do so too. Locke.
	It concerns every man, with the greatest seriousness, to inquire into
	those matters, whether they be so or not. Tillotson.
	He is Sir Robert's son, and so art thou. Shak.
	
	6. The case being such; therefore; on this account; for this reason;
	on these terms; -- used both as an adverb and a conjuction.
	God makes him in his own image an intellectual creature, and so
	capable of dominion. Locke.
	Here, then, exchange we mutually forgiveness; So may the guilt of all
	my broken vows, My perjuries to thee, be all forgotten. Rowe.
	
	7. It is well; let it be as it is, or let it come to pass; -- used to
	express assent.
	And when 't is writ, for my sake read it over, And if it please you,
	so; if not, why, so. Shak.
	There is Percy; if your father will do me any honor, so; if not, let
	him kill the next Percy himself. Shak.
	
	8. Well; the fact being as stated; -- used as an expletive; as, so
	the work is done, is it
	
	9. Is it thus do you mean what you say -- with an upward tone; as, do
	you say he refuses So [Colloq.]
	
	10. About the number, time, or quantity specified; thereabouts; more
	or less; as, I will spend a week or so in the country; I have read
	only a page or so.
	A week or so will probably reconcile us. Gay.
	
	Note: See the Note under Ill, adv. So . . . as. So is now commonly
	used as a demonstrative correlative of as when it is the puprpose to
	emphasize the equality or comparison suggested, esp. in negative
	assertions, and questions implying a negative answer. By Shakespeare
	and others so . . . as was much used where as . . . as is now common.
	See the Note under As, 1.
	So do, as thou hast said. Gen. xviii. 5.
	As a flower of the field, so he flourisheth. Ps. ciii. 15.
	Had woman been so strong as men. Shak.
	No country suffered so much as England. Macaulay.
	-- So far, to that point or extent; in that particular. "The song was
	moral, and so far was right." Cowper.
	 -- So far forth, as far; to such a degree. Shak. Bacon.
	 -- So forth, further in the same or similar manner; more of the same
	or a similar kind. See And so forth, under And.
	 -- So, so, well, well. "So, so, it works; now, mistress, sit you
	fast." Dryden. Also, moderately or tolerably well; passably; as, he
	succeeded but so so. "His leg is but so so." Shak.
	 -- So that, to the end that; in order that; with the effect or
	result that.
	 -- So then, thus then it is; therefore; the consequence is.
	
	SO
	So, conj.
	
	Defn: Provided that; on condition that; in case that; if.
	Though all the winds of doctrine were let loose play upon the earth,
	so truth be in the field, we do injuriously, by licensing and
	prohibiting, to misdoubt her strength. Milton.
	
	SO
	So, interj.
	
	Defn: Be as you are; stand still; stop; that will do; right as you
	are; -- a word used esp. to cows; also used by sailors.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  would
	WOULD
	Would, imp. of Will. Etym: [OE. & AS. wolde. See Will, v. t.]
	
	Defn: Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or
	in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will.
	
	Note: Would was formerly used also as the past participle of Will.
	Right as our Lord hath would. Chaucer.
	
	WOULD
	Would, n.
	
	Defn: See 2d Weld.
	
	WOULD-BE
	Would"-be
	
	Defn: ' (as, a would-be poet.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  carried
	Word not found
	CARRIED

Look up word:  out
	OUT
	Out, adv. Etym: [OE. out, ut, oute, ute, AS. , and , , fr. ; akin to
	D. uit, OS. , G. aus, OHG. -, Icel. , Sw. ut, Dan. ud, Goth. ut, Skr.
	ud. About, But, prep., Carouse, Utter, a.]
	
	Defn: In its original and strict sense, out means from the interior
	of something; beyond the limits or boundary of somethings; in a
	position or relation which is exterior to something; -- opposed to in
	or into. The something may be expressed after of, from, etc. (see Out
	of, below); or, if not expressed, it is implied; as, he is out; or,
	he is out of the house, office, business, etc.; he came out; or, he
	came out from the ship, meeting, sect, party, etc. Out is used in a
	variety of applications, as: --
	
	1. Away; abroad; off; from home, or from a certain, or a usual,
	place; not in; not in a particular, or a usual, place; as, the
	proprietor is out, his team was taken out. "My shoulder blade is
	out." Shak.
	He hath been out (of the country) nine years. Shak.
	
	2. Beyond the limits of concealment, confinement, privacy,
	constraint, etc., actual of figurative; hence, not in concealment,
	constraint, etc., in, or into, a state of freedom, openness,
	disclosure, publicity, etc.; as, the sun shines out; he laughed out,
	to be out at the elbows; the secret has leaked out, or is out; the
	disease broke out on his face; the book is out.
	Leaves are out and perfect in a month. Bacon.
	She has not been out [in general society] very long. H. James.
	
	3. Beyond the limit of existence, continuance, or supply; to the end;
	completely; hence, in, or into, a condition of extinction,
	exhaustion, completion; as, the fuel, or the fire, has burned out.
	"Hear me out." Dryden.
	Deceitiful men shall not live out half their days. Ps. iv. 23.
	When the butt is out, we will drink water. Shak.
	
	4. Beyond possession, control, or occupation; hence, in, or into, a
	state of want, loss, or deprivation; -- used of office, business,
	property, knowledge, etc.; as, the Democrats went out and the Whigs
	came in; he put his money out at interest. "Land that is out at rack
	rent." Locke. "He was out fifty pounds." Bp. Fell.
	I have forgot my part, and I am out. Shak.
	
	5. Beyond the bounds of what is true, reasonable, correct, proper,
	common, etc.; in error or mistake; in a wrong or incorrect position
	or opinion; in a state of disagreement, opposition, etc.; in an
	inharmonious relation. "Lancelot and I are out." Shak.
	Wicked men are strangely out in the calculating of their own
	interest. South.
	Very seldom out, in these his guesses. Addison.
	
	6. Not in the position to score in playing a game; not in the state
	or turn of the play for counting or gaining scores.
	
	Note: Out is largely used in composition as a prefix, with the same
	significations that it has as a separate word; as outbound, outbreak,
	outbuilding, outcome, outdo, outdoor, outfield. See also the first
	Note under Over, adv. Day in, day out, from the beginning to the
	limit of each of several days; day by day; every day.
	 -- Out and out. (a) adv. Completely; wholly; openly. (b) adj.
	Without any reservation or disguise; absolute; as, an out and out
	villain. [As an adj. written also out-and-out.] -- Out at, Out in,
	Out on, etc., elliptical phrases, that to which out refers as a
	source, origin, etc., being omitted; as, out (of the house and) at
	the barn; out (of the house, road, fields, etc., and) in the woods.
	Three fishers went sailing out into the west, Out into the west, as
	the sun went down. C. Kingsley.
	
	Note: In these lines after out may be understood, "of the harbor,"
	"from the shore," "of sight," or some similar phrase. The complete
	construction is seen in the saying: "Out of the frying pan into the
	fire." -- Out from, a construction similar to out of (below). See Of
	and From. Out of, a phrase which may be considered either as composed
	of an adverb and a preposition, each having its appropriate office in
	the sentence, or as a compound preposition. Considered as a
	preposition, it denotes, with verbs of movement or action, from the
	interior of; beyond the limit: from; hence, origin, source, motive,
	departure, separation, loss, etc.; -- opposed to in or into; also
	with verbs of being, the state of being derived, removed, or
	separated from. Examples may be found in the phrases below, and also
	under Vocabulary words; as, out of breath; out of countenance. Out of
	cess, beyond measure, excessively. Shak.
	 -- Out of character, unbecoming; improper.
	 -- Out of conceit with, not pleased with. See under Conceit.
	 -- Out of date, not timely; unfashionable; antiquated.
	 -- Out of door, Out of doors, beyond the doors; from the house; in,
	or into, the open air; hence, figuratively, shut out; dismissed. See
	under Door, also, Out-of-door, Outdoor, Outdoors, in the Vocabulary.
	"He 's quality, and the question's out of door," Dryden.
	 -- Out of favor, disliked; under displeasure.
	 -- Out of frame, not in correct order or condition; irregular;
	disarranged. Latimer.
	 -- Out of hand, immediately; without delay or preparation. "Ananias
	. . . fell down and died out of hand." Latimer.
	 -- Out of harm's way, beyond the danger limit; in a safe place.
	 -- Out of joint, not in proper connection or adjustment; unhinged;
	disordered. "The time is out of joint." Shak.
	 -- Out of mind, not in mind; forgotten; also, beyond the limit of
	memory; as, time out of mind.
	 -- Out of one's head, beyond commanding one's mental powers; in a
	wandering state mentally; delirious. [Colloq.] -- Out of one's time,
	beyond one's period of minority or apprenticeship.
	 -- Out of order, not in proper order; disarranged; in confusion.
	 -- Out of place, not in the usual or proper place; hence, not proper
	or becoming.
	 -- Out of pocket, in a condition of having expended or lost more
	money than one has received.
	 -- Out of print, not in market, the edition printed being exhausted;
	-- said of books, pamphlets, etc.
	 -- Out of the question, beyond the limits or range of consideration;
	impossible to be favorably considered.
	 -- Out of reach, beyond one's reach; inaccessible.
	 -- Out of season, not in a proper season or time; untimely;
	inopportune.
	 -- Out of sorts, wanting certain things; unsatisfied; unwell;
	unhappy; cross. See under Sort, n.
	 -- Out of temper, not in good temper; irritated; angry.
	 -- Out of time, not in proper time; too soon, or too late.
	 -- Out of time, not in harmony; discordant; hence, not in an
	agreeing temper; fretful.
	 -- Out of twist, winding, or wind, not in warped condition;
	perfectly plain and smooth; -- said of surfaces.
	 -- Out of use, not in use; unfashionable; obsolete.
	 -- Out of the way. (a) On one side; hard to reach or find; secluded.
	(b) Improper; unusual; wrong.
	 -- Out of the woods, not in a place, or state, of obscurity or
	doubt; free from difficulty or perils; safe. [Colloq.] -- Out to out,
	from one extreme limit to another, including the whole length,
	breadth, or thickness; -- applied to measurements.
	 -- Out West, in or towards, the West; specifically, in some Western
	State or Territory. [U. S.] -- To come out, To cut out, To fall out,
	etc. See under Come, Cut, Fall, etc.
	 -- To put out of the way, to kill; to destroy.
	 -- Week in, week out. See Day in, day out (above).
	
	OUT
	Out, n.
	
	1. One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of
	office; -- generally in the plural.
	
	2. A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle
	projecting outward; an open space; -- chiefly used in the phrase ins
	and outs; as, the ins and outs of a question. See under In.
	
	3. (Print.)
	
	Defn: A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy;
	an omission. To make an out (Print.), to omit something, in setting
	or correcting type, which was in the copy.
	
	OUT
	Out, v. t.
	
	1. To cause to be out; to eject; to expel.
	A king outed from his country. Selden.
	The French have been outed of their holds. Heylin.
	
	2. To come out with; to make known. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	3. To give out; to dispose of; to sell. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	OUT
	Out, v. i.
	
	Defn: To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public. "Truth
	will out." Shak.
	
	OUT
	Out, interj.
	
	Defn: Expressing impatience, anger, a desire to be rid of; -- with
	the force of command; go out; begone; away; off.
	Out, idle words, servants to shallow fools ! Shak.
	Out upon or on! equivalent to "shame upon!" "away with!" as, out upon
	you!
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  same
	SAME
	Same, a. Etym: [AS. same. adv.; akin to OS. sama, samo, adv., OHG.
	sam, a., sama, adv., Icel. samr, a., Sw. samme, samma, Dan. samme,
	Goth. sama, Russ. samui, Gr. sama, Gr. simul at the same time,
	similis like, and E. some, a., -some. sq. root191. Cf. Anomalous,
	Assemble, Homeopathy, Homily, Seem, v. i., Semi-, Similar, Some.]
	
	1. Not different or other; not another or others; identical;
	unchanged.
	Thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end. Ps. cii. 27.
	
	2. Of like kind, species, sort, dimensions, or the like; not
	differing in character or in the quality or qualities compared;
	corresponding; not discordant; similar; like.
	The ethereal vigor is in all the same. Dryden.
	
	3. Just mentioned, or just about to be mentioned.
	What ye know, the same do I know. Job. xiii. 2.
	Do but think how well the same he spends, Who spends his blood his
	country to relieve. Daniel.
	
	Note: Same is commonly preceded by the, this, or that and is often
	used substantively as in the citations above. In a comparative use it
	is followed by as or with.
	Bees like the same odors as we do. Lubbock.
	[He] held the same political opinions with his illustrious friend.
	Macaulay.
	

Look up word:  location
	LOCATION
	Lo*ca"tion, n. Etym: [L. locatio, fr. locare.]
	
	1. The act or process of locating.
	
	2. Situation; place; locality. Locke.
	
	3. That which is located; a tract of land designated in place. [U.S.]
	
	4. (Law)
	(a) (Civil Law) A leasing on rent.
	(b) (Scots Law) A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a
	person, for hire. Wharton. (c) (Amer. Law)
	
	Defn: The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or
	site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an
	entry, plan, map, etc. Burrill. Bouvier.
	

Look up word:  as
	AS
	As, adv. & conj. Etym: [OE. as, als, alse, also, al swa, AS. eal swa,
	lit. all so; hence, quite so, quite as: cf. G. als as, than, also so,
	then. See Also.]
	
	1. Denoting equality or likeness in kind, degree, or manner; like;
	similar to; in the same manner with or in which; in accordance with;
	in proportion to; to the extent or degree in which or to which;
	equally; no less than; as, ye shall be as gods, knowing good and
	evil; you will reap as you sow; do as you are bidden.
	His spiritual attendants adjured him, as he loved his soul, to
	emancipate his brethren. Macaulay.
	
	Note: As is often preceded by one of the antecedent or correlative
	words such, same, so, or as, in expressing an equality or comparison;
	as, give us such things as you please, and so long as you please, or
	as long as you please; he is not so brave as Cato; she is as amiable
	as she is handsome; come as quickly as possible. "Bees appear
	fortunately to prefer the same colors as we do." Lubbock. As, in a
	preceding part of a sentence, has such or so to answer correlatively
	to it; as with the people, so with the priest.
	
	2. In the idea, character, or condition of, -- limiting the view to
	certain attributes or relations; as, virtue considered as virtue;
	this actor will appear as Hamlet.
	The beggar is greater as a man, than is the man merely as a king.
	Dewey.
	
	3. While; during or at the same time that; when; as, he trembled as
	he spoke.
	As I return I will fetch off these justices. Shak.
	
	4. Because; since; it being the case that.
	As the population of Scotland had been generally trained to arms . .
	. they were not indifferently prepared. Sir W. Scott.
	[See Synonym under Because.]
	
	5. Expressing concession. (Often approaching though in meaning).
	We wish, however, to avail ourselves of the interest, transient as it
	may be, which this work has excited. Macaulay.
	
	6. That, introducing or expressing a result or consequence, after the
	correlatives so and such. [Obs.]
	I can place thee in such abject state, as help shall never find thee.
	Rowe.
	So as, so that. [Obs.]
	The relations are so uncertain as they require a great deal of
	examination. Bacon.
	
	7. As if; as though. [Obs. or Poetic]
	He lies, as he his bliss did know. Waller.
	
	8. For instance; by way of example; thus; -- used to introduce
	illustrative phrases, sentences, or citations.
	
	9. Than. [Obs. & R.]
	The king was not more forward to bestow favors on them as they free
	to deal affronts to others their superiors. Fuller.
	
	10. Expressing a wish. [Obs.] "As have," i. e., may he have. Chaucer.
	As . . . as. See So . . . as, under So.
	 -- As far as, to the extent or degree. "As far as can be
	ascertained." Macaulay.
	 -- As far forth as, as far as. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As for, or As to, in regard to; with respect to.
	 -- As good as, not less than; not falling short of.
	 -- As good as one's word, faithful to a promise.
	 -- As if, or As though, of the same kind, or in the same condition
	or manner, that it would be if.
	 -- As it were (as if it were), a qualifying phrase used to apologize
	for or to relieve some expression which might be regarded as
	inappropriate or incongruous; in a manner.
	 -- As now, just now. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As swythe, as quickly as possible. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As well, also; too; besides. Addison.
	 -- As well as, equally with, no less than. "I have understanding as
	well as you." Job xii. 3.
	 -- As yet, until now; up to or at the present time; still; now.
	
	AS
	As, n. Etym: [See Ace.]
	
	Defn: An ace. [Obs.] Chaucer. Ambes-as, double aces.
	
	AS
	As, n.; pl. Asses. Etym: [L. as. See Ace.]
	
	1. A Roman weight, answering to the libra or pound, equal to nearly
	eleven ounces Troy weight. It was divided into twelve ounces.
	
	2. A Roman copper coin, originally of a pound weight (12 oz.); but
	reduced, after the first Punic war, to two ounces; in the second
	Punic war, to one ounce; and afterwards to half an ounce.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  Printed
	Word not found
	PRINTED

Look up word:  sheets
	Word not found
	SHEETS

Look up word:  on
	ON
	On, prep. Etym: [OE. on, an, o, a, AS. on, an; akin to D. aan, OS. &
	G. an, OHG. ana, Icel. a, Sw. ana, Russ. na, L. an-, in anhelare to
	pant, Gr. ana. sq. root195. Cf. A-, 1, Ana-, Anon.]
	
	Defn: The general signification of on is situation, motion, or
	condition with respect to contact or support beneath; as: --
	
	1. At, or in contact with, the surface or upper part of a thing, and
	supported by it; placed or lying in contact with the surface; as, the
	book lies on the table, which stands on the floor of a house on an
	island.
	I stood on the bridge at midnight. Longfellow.
	
	2. To or against the surface of; -- used to indicate the motion of a
	thing as coming or falling to the surface of another; as, rain falls
	on the earth.
	Whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken. Matt. xxi. 44.
	
	3. Denoting performance or action by contact with the surface, upper
	part, or outside of anything; hence, by means of; with; as, to play
	on a violin or piano. Hence, figuratively, to work on one's feelings;
	to make an impression on the mind.
	
	4. At or near; adjacent to; -- indicating situation, place, or
	position; as, on the one hand, on the other hand; the fleet is on the
	American coast.
	
	5. In addition to; besides; -- indicating multiplication or
	succession in a series; as, heaps on heaps; mischief on mischief;
	loss on loss; thought on thought. Shak.
	
	6. Indicating dependence or reliance; with confidence in; as, to
	depend on a person for assistance; to rely on; hence, indicating the
	ground or support of anything; as, he will promise on certain
	conditions; to bet on a horse.
	
	7. At or in the time of; during; as, on Sunday we abstain from labor.
	See At (synonym).
	
	8. At the time of, conveying some notion of cause or motive; as, on
	public occasions, the officers appear in full dress or uniform.
	Hence, in consequence of, or following; as, on the ratification of
	the treaty, the armies were disbanded.
	
	9. Toward; for; -- indicating the object of some passion; as, have
	pity or compassion on him.
	
	10. At the peril of, or for the safety of. "Hence, on thy life."
	Dryden.
	
	11. By virtue of; with the pledge of; -- denoting a pledge or
	engagement, and put before the thing pledged; as, he affirmed or
	promised on his word, or on his honor.
	
	12. To the account of; -- denoting imprecation or invocation, or
	coming to, falling, or resting upon; as, on us be all the blame; a
	curse on him.
	His blood be on us and on our children. Matt. xxvii. 25.
	
	13. In reference or relation to; as, on our part expect punctuality;
	a satire on society.
	
	14. Of. [Obs.] "Be not jealous on me." Shak.
	Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner
	Shak.
	
	Note: Instances of this usage are common in our older writers, and
	are sometimes now heard in illiterate speech.
	
	15. Occupied with; in the performance of; as, only three officers are
	on duty; on a journey.
	
	16. In the service of; connected with; of the number of; as, he is on
	a newspaper; on a committee.
	
	Note: On and upon are in general interchangeable. In some
	applications upon is more euphonious, and is therefore to be
	preferred; but in most cases on is preferable. On a bowline. (Naut.)
	Same as Closehauled.
	 -- On a wind, or On the wind (Naut.), sailing closehauled.
	 -- On a sudden. See under Sudden.
	 -- On board, On draught, On fire, etc. See under Board, Draught,
	Fire, etc.
	 -- On it, On't, of it. [Obs. or Colloq.] Shak.
	 -- On shore, on land; to the shore.
	 -- On the road, On the way, On the wing, etc. See under Road, Way,
	etc.
	 -- On to, upon; on; to; -- sometimes written as one word, onto, and
	usually called a colloquialism; but it may be regarded in analogy
	with into.
	They have added the -en plural form on to an elder plural. Earle.
	We see the strength of the new movement in the new class of
	ecclesiastics whom it forced on to the stage. J. R. Green.
	
	ON
	On, adv. Etym: [See On, prep.]
	
	1. Forward, in progression; onward; -- usually with a verb of motion;
	as, move on; go on. "Time glides on." Macaulay.
	The path is smooth that leadeth on to danger. Shak.
	
	2. Forward, in succession; as, from father to son, from the son to
	the grandson, and so on.
	
	3. In continuance; without interruption or ceasing; as, sleep on,
	take your ease; say on; sing on.
	
	4. Adhering; not off; as in the phrase, "He is neither on nor off,"
	that is, he is not steady, he is irresolute.
	
	5. Attached to the body, as clothing or ornament, or for use. "I have
	boots on." B. Gonson.
	He put on righteousness as a breastplate. Is. lix. 17.
	
	6. In progress; proceeding; as, a game is on.
	
	Note: On is sometimes used as an exclamation, or a command to move or
	proceed, some verb being understood; as, on, comrades; that is, go
	on, move on. On and on, continuously; for a long time together.
	"Toiling on and on and on." Longfellow.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  other
	OTHER
	Oth"er conj. Etym: [See Or.]
	
	Defn: Either; -- used with other or or for its correlative (as either
	. . . or are now used). [Obs.]
	Other of chalk, other of glass. Chaucer.
	
	OTHER
	Oth"er, pron. & a. Etym: [AS. ; akin to OS. a, , D. & G. ander, OHG.
	andar, Icel. annarr, Sw. annan, Dan. anden, Goth. an, Skr. antara:
	cf. L. alter; all orig. comparatives: cf. Skr. anya other. sq.
	root180. Cf. Alter.] [Formerly other was used both as singular and
	plural.]
	
	1. Different from that which, or the one who, has been specified; not
	the same; not identical; additional; second of two.
	Each of them made other for to win. Chaucer.
	Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other
	also. Matt. v. 39.
	
	2. Not this, but the contrary; opposite; as, the other side of a
	river.
	
	3. Alternate; second; -- used esp. in connection with every; as,
	every other day, that is, each alternate day, every second day.
	
	4. Left, as opposed to right. [Obs.]
	A distaff in her other hand she had. Spenser.
	
	Note: Other is a correlative adjective, or adjective pronoun, often
	in contrast with one, some, that, this, etc.
	The one shall be taken, and the other left. Matt. xxiv. 4
	And some fell among thorns . . . but other fell into good ground.
	Matt. xiii. 7, 8.
	
	It is also used, by ellipsis, with a noun, expressed or understood.
	To write this, or to design the other. Dryden.
	It is written with the indefinite article as one word, another; is
	used with each, indicating a reciprocal action or relation; and is
	employed absolutely, or eliptically for other thing, or other person,
	in which case it may have a plural.
	The fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to
	others. Ps. xlix. 10.
	If he is trimming, others are true. Thackeray.
	Other is sometimes followed by but, beside, or besides; but oftener
	by than.
	No other but such a one as he. Coleridge.
	Other lords beside thee have had dominion over us. Is. xxvi. 13.
	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid. 1 Cor. iii.
	11.
	The whole seven years of . . . ignominy had been little other than a
	preparation for this very hour. Hawthorne.
	Other some, some others. [Obs. or Prov. Eng.] -- The other day, at a
	certain time past, not distant, but indefinite; not long ago;
	recently; rarely, the third day past.
	Bind my hair up: as't was yesterday No, nor t' other day. B. Jonson.
	
	OTHER
	Oth"er, adv.
	
	Defn: Otherwise. "It shall none other be." Chaucer. "If you think
	other." Shak.
	

Look up word:  hand
	HAND
	Hand, n. Etym: [AS. hand, hond; akin to D., G., & Sw. hand, OHG.
	hant, Dan. haand, Icel. hönd, Goth. handus, and perh. to Goth. hinpan
	to seize (in comp.). Cf. Hunt.]
	
	1. That part of the fore limb below the forearm or wrist in man and
	monkeys, and the corresponding part in many other animals; manus;
	paw. See Manus.
	
	2. That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a
	human hand; as:
	(a) A limb of certain animals, as the foot of a hawk, or any one of
	the four extremities of a monkey.
	(b) An index or pointer on a dial; as, the hour or minute hand of a
	clock.
	
	3. A measure equal to a hand's breadth, -- four inches; a palm.
	Chiefly used in measuring the height of horses.
	
	4. Side; part; direction, either right or left.
	On this hand and that hand, were hangings. Ex. xxxviii. 15.
	The Protestants were then on the winning hand. Milton.
	
	5. Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill;
	dexterity.
	He had a great mind to try his hand at a Spectator. Addison.
	
	6. Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner
	of performance.
	To change the hand in carrying on the war. Clarendon.
	Gideon said unto God, If thou wilt save Israel by my hand. Judges vi.
	36.
	
	7. An agent; a servant, or laborer; a workman, trained or competent
	for special service or duty; a performer more or less skillful; as, a
	deck hand; a farm hand; an old hand at speaking.
	A dictionary containing a natural history requires too many hands, as
	well as too much time, ever to be hoped for. Locke.
	I was always reckoned a lively hand at a simile. Hazlitt.
	
	8. Handwriting; style of penmanship; as, a good, bad or running hand.
	Hence, a signature.
	I say she never did invent this letter; This is a man's invention and
	his hand. Shak.
	Some writs require a judge's hand. Burril.
	
	9. Personal possession; ownership; hence, control; direction;
	management; -- usually in the plural. "Receiving in hand one year's
	tribute." Knolles.
	Albinus . . . found means to keep in his hands the goverment of
	Britain. Milton.
	
	10. Agency in transmission from one person to another; as, to buy at
	first hand, that is, from the producer, or when new; at second hand,
	that is, when no longer in the producer's hand, or when not new.
	
	11. Rate; price. [Obs.] "Business is bought at a dear hand, where
	there is small dispatch." Bacon.
	
	12. That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once; as:
	(a) (Card Playing) The quota of cards received from the dealer.
	(b) (Tobacco Manuf.) A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together.
	
	13. (Firearms)
	
	Defn: The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by
	the hand in taking aim.
	
	Note: Hand is used figuratively for a large variety of acts or
	things, in the doing, or making, or use of which the hand is in some
	way employed or concerned; also, as a symbol to denote various
	qualities or conditions, as: (a) Activity; operation; work; -- in
	distinction from the head, which implies thought, and the heart,
	which implies affection. "His hand will be against every man." Gen.
	xvi. 12.(b) Power; might; supremacy; -- often in the Scriptures.
	"With a mighty hand . . . will I rule over you." Ezek. xx. 33.(c)
	Fraternal feeling; as, to give, or take, the hand; to give the right
	hand. (d) Contract; -- commonly of marriage; as, to ask the hand; to
	pledge the hand.
	
	Note: Hand is often used adjectively or in compounds (with or without
	the hyphen), signifying performed by the hand; as, hand blow or hand-
	blow, hand gripe or hand-gripe: used by, or designed for, the hand;
	as, hand ball or handball, hand bow, hand fetter, hand grenade or
	hand-grenade, handgun or hand gun, handloom or hand loom, handmill or
	hand organ or handorgan, handsaw or hand saw, hand-weapon: measured
	or regulated by the hand; as, handbreadth or hand's breadth, hand
	gallop or hand-gallop. Most of the words in the following paragraph
	are written either as two words or in combination. Hand bag, a
	satchel; a small bag for carrying books, papers, parcels, etc.
	 -- Hand basket, a small or portable basket.
	 -- Hand bell, a small bell rung by the hand; a table bell. Bacon.
	 -- Hand bill, a small pruning hook. See 4th Bill.
	 -- Hand car. See under Car.
	 -- Hand director (Mus.), an instrument to aid in forming a good
	position of the hands and arms when playing on the piano; a hand
	guide.
	 -- Hand drop. See Wrist drop.
	 -- Hand gallop. See under Gallop.
	 -- Hand gear (Mach.), apparatus by means of which a machine, or
	parts of a machine, usually operated by other power, may be operated
	by hand.
	 -- Hand glass. (a) A glass or small glazed frame, for the protection
	of plants. (b) A small mirror with a handle.
	 -- Hand guide. Same as Hand director (above).
	 -- Hand language, the art of conversing by the hands, esp. as
	practiced by the deaf and dumb; dactylology.
	 -- Hand lathe. See under Lathe.
	 -- Hand money, money paid in hand to bind a contract; earnest money.
	 -- Hand organ (Mus.), a barrel organ, operated by a crank turned by
	hand.
	 -- Hand plant. (Bot.) Same as Hand tree (below).
	 -- Hand rail, a rail, as in staircases, to hold by. Gwilt.
	 -- Hand sail, a sail managed by the hand. Sir W. Temple.
	 -- Hand screen, a small screen to be held in the hand.
	 -- Hand screw, a small jack for raising heavy timbers or weights;
	(Carp.) a screw clamp.
	 -- Hand staff (pl. Hand staves), a javelin. Ezek. xxxix. 9.
	 -- Hand stamp, a small stamp for dating, addressing, or canceling
	papers, envelopes, etc.
	 -- Hand tree (Bot.), a lofty tree found in Mexico (Cheirostemon
	platanoides), having red flowers whose stamens unite in the form of a
	hand.
	 -- Hand vise, a small vise held in the hand in doing small work.
	Moxon.
	 -- Hand work, or Handwork, work done with the hands, as
	distinguished from work done by a machine; handiwork.
	 -- All hands, everybody; all parties.
	 -- At all hands, On all hands, on all sides; from every direction;
	generally.
	 -- At any hand, At no hand, in any (or no) way or direction; on any
	account; on no account. "And therefore at no hand consisting with the
	safety and interests of humility." Jer. Taylor.
	 -- At first hand, At second hand. See def. 10 (above).
	 -- At hand. (a) Near in time or place; either present and within
	reach, or not far distant. "Your husband is at hand; I hear his
	trumpet." Shak. (b) Under the hand or bridle. [Obs.] "Horses hot at
	hand." Shak.
	 -- At the hand of, by the act of; as a gift from. "Shall we receive
	good at the hand of God and shall we not receive evil" Job ii. 10.
	 -- Bridle hand. See under Bridle.
	 -- By hand, with the hands, in distinction from instrumentality of
	tools, engines, or animals; as, to weed a garden by hand; to lift,
	draw, or carry by hand.
	 -- Clean hands, freedom from guilt, esp. from the guilt of
	dishonesty in money matters, or of bribe taking. "He that hath clean
	hands shall be stronger and stronger." Job xvii. 9.
	 -- From hand to hand, from one person to another.
	 -- Hand in hand. (a) In union; conjointly; unitedly. Swift. (b)
	Just; fair; equitable.
	As fair and as good, a kind of hand in hand comparison. Shak.
	-- Hand over hand, Hand over fist, by passing the hands alternately
	one before or above another; as, to climb hand over hand; also,
	rapidly; as, to come up with a chase hand over hand.
	 -- Hand over head, negligently; rashly; without seeing what one
	does. [Obs.] Bacon.
	 -- Hand running, consecutively; as, he won ten times hand running.
	 -- Hand off! keep off! forbear! no interference or meddling! -- Hand
	to hand, in close union; in close fight; as, a hand to hand contest.
	Dryden.
	 -- Heavy hand, severity or oppression.
	 -- In hand. (a) Paid down. "A considerable reward in hand, and . . .
	a far greater reward hereafter." Tillotson. (b) In preparation;
	taking place. Chaucer. "Revels . . . in hand." Shak. (c) Under
	consideration, or in the course of transaction; as, he has the
	business in hand.
	 -- In one's hand or hands. (a) In one's possession or keeping. (b)
	At one's risk, or peril; as, I took my life in my hand.
	 -- Laying on of hands, a form used in consecrating to office, in the
	rite of confirmation, and in blessing persons.
	 -- Light hand, gentleness; moderation.
	 -- Note of hand, a promissory note.
	 -- Off hand, Out of hand, forthwith; without delay, hesitation, or
	difficulty; promptly. "She causeth them to be hanged up out of hand."
	Spenser.
	 -- Off one's hands, out of one's possession or care.
	 -- On hand, in present possession; as, he has a supply of goods on
	hand.
	 -- On one's hands, in one's possession care, or management.
	 -- Putting the hand under the thigh, an ancient Jewish ceremony used
	in swearing.
	 -- Right hand, the place of honor, power, and strength.
	 -- Slack hand, idleness; carelessness; inefficiency; sloth.
	 -- Strict hand, severe discipline; rigorous government.
	 -- To bear a hand (Naut), to give help quickly; to hasten.
	 -- To bear in hand, to keep in expectation with false pretenses.
	[Obs.] Shak.
	 -- To be hand and glove, or in glove with. See under Glove.
	 -- To be on the mending hand, to be convalescent or improving.
	 -- To bring up by hand, to feed (an infant) without suckling it.
	 -- To change hand. See Change.
	 -- To change hands, to change sides, or change owners. Hudibras.
	 -- To clap the hands, to express joy or applause, as by striking the
	palms of the hands together.
	 -- To come to hand, to be received; to be taken into possession; as,
	the letter came to hand yesterday.
	 -- To get hand, to gain influence. [Obs.]
	Appetites have . . . got such a hand over them. Baxter.
	-- To got one's hand in, to make a beginning in a certain work; to
	become accustomed to a particular business.
	 -- To have a hand in, to be concerned in; to have a part or concern
	in doing; to have an agency or be employed in.
	 -- To have in hand. (a) To have in one's power or control. Chaucer.
	(b) To be engaged upon or occupied with.
	 -- To have one's hands full, to have in hand al that one can do, or
	more than can be done conveniently; to be pressed with labor or
	engagements; to be surrounded with difficulties.
	 -- To have, or get, the (higher) upper hand, to have, or get, the
	better of another person or thing.
	 -- To his hand, To my hand, etc., in readiness; already prepared.
	"The work is made to his hands." Locke.
	 -- To hold hand, to compete successfully or on even conditions.
	[Obs.] Shak.
	 -- To lay hands on, to seize; to assault.
	 -- To lend a hand, to give assistance.
	 -- To lift, or put forth, the hand against, to attack; to oppose; to
	kill.
	 -- To live from hand to mouth, to obtain food and other necessaries
	as want compels, without previous provision.
	 -- To make one's hand, to gain advantage or profit.
	 -- To put the hand unto, to steal. Ex. xxii. 8.-- To put the last,
	or finishing, hand to, to make the last corrections in; to complete;
	to perfect.
	 -- To set the hand to, to engage in; to undertake.
	That the Lord thy God may bless thee in all that thou settest thine
	hand to. Deut. xxiii. 20.
	-- To stand one in hand, to concern or affect one.
	 -- To strike hands, to make a contract, or to become surety for
	another's debt or good behavior.
	 -- To take in hand. (a) To attempt or undertake. (b) To seize and
	deal with; as, he took him in hand.
	 -- To wash the hands of, to disclaim or renounce interest in, or
	responsibility for, a person or action; as, to wash one's hands of a
	business. Matt. xxvii. 24.
	 -- Under the hand of, authenticated by the handwriting or signature
	of; as, the deed is executed under the hand and seal of the owner.
	
	HAND
	Hand, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Handed; p. pr. & vb. n. Handing.]
	
	1. To give, pass, or transmit with the hand; as, he handed them the
	letter.
	
	2. To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct; as, to hand a
	lady into a carriage.
	
	3. To manage; as, I hand my oar. [Obs.] Prior.
	
	4. To seize; to lay hands on. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	5. To pledge by the hand; to handfast. [R.]
	
	6. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: To furl; -- said of a sail. Totten. To hand down, to transmit
	in succession, as from father to son, or from predecessor to
	successor; as, fables are handed down from age to age; to forward to
	the proper officer (the decision of a higher court); as, the Clerk of
	the Court of Appeals handed down its decision.
	 -- To hand over, to yield control of; to surrender; to deliver up.
	
	HAND
	Hand, v. i.
	
	Defn: To coöperate. [Obs.] Massinger.
	

Look up word:  could
	COULD
	Could (kd), imp. of Can. Etym: [OF. coude. The l was inserted by
	mistake, under the influence of should and would.]
	
	Defn: Was, should be, or would be, able, capable, or susceptible.
	Used as an auxiliary, in the past tense or in the conditional
	present.
	

Look up word:  easily
	EASILY
	Eas"i*ly, adv. Etym: [From Easy.]
	
	1. With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as, this task may be
	easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen.
	
	2. Without pain, anxiety, or disturbance; as, to pass life well and
	easily. Sir W. Temple.
	
	3. Readily; without reluctance; willingly.
	Not soon provoked, she easily forgives. Prior.
	
	4. Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without
	
	5. Without shaking or jolting; commodiously; as, a carriage moves
	easily.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  moved
	Word not found
	MOVED

Look up word:  Now
	NOW
	Now, adv. Etym: [OE. nou, nu, AS. nu, nu; akin to D., OS., & OHG. nu,
	G. nu, nun, Icel., nu, Dan., Sw., & Goth. nu, L. nunc, Gr. nu, nu.
	*193. Cf. New.]
	
	1. At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking;
	instantly; as, I will write now.
	I have a patient now living, at an advanced age, who discharged blood
	from his lungs thirty years ago. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. Very lately; not long ago.
	They that but now, for honor and for plate, Made the sea blush with
	blood, resign their hate. Waller.
	
	3. At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or
	contemplated; at a particular time referred to.
	The ship was now in the midst of the sea. Matt. xiv. 24.
	
	4. In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used
	as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an
	explanation.
	How shall any man distinguish now betwixt a parasite and a man of
	honor L'Estrange.
	Why should he live, now nature bankrupt is Shak.
	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now,
	Barabbas was a robber. John xviii. 40.
	The other great and undoing mischief which befalls men is, by their
	being misrepresented. Now, by calling evil good, a man is
	misrepresented to others in the way of slander. South.
	Now and again, now and then; occasionally.
	 -- Now and now, again and again; repeatedly. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- Now and then, at one time and another; indefinitely;
	occasionally; not often; at intervals. "A mead here, there a heath,
	and now and then a wood." Drayton.
	 -- Now now, at this very instant; precisely now. [Obs.] "Why, even
	now now, at holding up of this finger, and before the turning down of
	this." J. Webster (1607).
	 -- Now . . . now, alternately; at one time . . . at another time.
	"Now high, now low, now master up, now miss." Pope.
	
	NOW
	Now, a.
	
	Defn: Existing at the present time; present. [R.] "Our now
	happiness." Glanvill.
	
	NOW
	Now, n.
	
	Defn: The present time or moment; the present.
	Nothing is there to come, and nothing past; But an eternal now does
	ever last. Cowley.
	

Look up word:  because
	BECAUSE
	Be*cause", conj. Etym: [OE. bycause; by + cause.]
	
	1. By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason
	that. Milton.
	
	2. In order that; that. [Obs.]
	And the multitude rebuked them because they should hold their peace.
	Matt. xx. 31.
	Because of, by reason of, on account of. [Prep. phrase.]
	Because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of
	disobedience. Eph. v. 6.
	
	Syn, -- Because, For, Since, As, Inasmuch As. These particles are
	used, in certain connections, to assign the reason of a thing, or
	that "on account of" which it is or takes place. Because (by cause)
	is the strongest and most emphatic; as, I hid myself because I was
	afraid. For is not quite so strong; as, in Shakespeare, "I hate him,
	for he is a Christian." Since is less formal and more incidental than
	because; as, I will do it since you request me. It more commonly
	begins a sentence; as, Since your decision is made, I will say no
	more. As is still more incidental than since, and points to some
	existing fact by way of assigning a reason. Thus we say, as I knew
	him to be out of town, I did not call. Inasmuch as seems to carry
	with it a kind of qualification which does not belong to the rest.
	Thus, if we say, I am ready to accept your proposal, inasmuch as I
	believe it is the best you can offer, we mean, it is only with this
	understanding that we can accept it.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  increasing
	Word not found
	INCREASING

Look up word:  computerization
	Word not found
	COMPUTERIZATION

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  preparing
	Word not found
	PREPARING

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  for
	FOR
	For, prep. Etym: [AS. for, fore; akin to OS. for, fora, furi, D.
	voor, OHG. fora, G. vor, OHG. furi, G. für, Icel. fyrir, Sw. för,
	Dan. for, adv. för, Goth. faúr, faúra, L. pro, Gr. pra-. sq. root
	202. Cf. Fore, First, Foremost, Forth, Pro-.]
	
	Defn: In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of,
	in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes
	place.
	
	1. Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the
	motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state;
	the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is
	done.
	With fiery eyes sparkling for very wrath. Shak.
	How to choose dogs for scent or speed. Waller.
	Now, for so many glorious actions done, For peace at home, and for
	the public wealth, I mean to crown a bowl for Cæsar's health. Dryden.
	That which we, for our unworthiness, are afraid to crave, our prayer
	is, that God, for the worthiness of his Son, would, notwithstanding,
	vouchsafe to grant. Hooker.
	
	2. Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or
	final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is
	done.
	The oak for nothing ill, The osier good for twigs, the poplar for the
	mill. Spenser.
	It was young counsel for the persons, and violent counsel for the
	matters. Bacon.
	Shall I think the worls was made for one, And men are born for kings,
	as beasts for men, Not for protection, but to be devoured Dryden.
	For he writes not for money, nor for praise. Denham.
	
	3. Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything
	is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; --
	opposed to against.
	We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. 2 Cor. xiii.
	8.
	It is for the general good of human society, and consequently of
	particular persons, to be true and just; and it is for men's health
	to be temperate. Tillotson.
	Aristotle is for poetical justice. Dennis.
	
	4. Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed,
	or the point toward which motion is made;
	We sailed from Peru for China and Japan. Bacon.
	
	5. Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or
	serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation,
	or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of.
	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, eye
	for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. Ex. xxi. 23,
	24.
	
	6. Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is
	regarded or treated; to be, or as being.
	We take a falling meteor for a star. Cowley.
	If a man can be fully assured of anything for a truth, without having
	examined, what is there that he may not embrace for truLocke.
	Most of our ingenious young men take up some cried-up English poet
	for their model. Dryden.
	But let her go for an ungrateful woman. Philips.
	
	7. Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the
	performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done,
	occurs, or is; hence, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; --
	generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc.
	The writer will do what she please for all me. Spectator.
	God's desertion shall, for aught he knows, the next minute supervene.
	Dr. H. More.
	For anything that legally appears to the contrary, it may be a
	contrivance to fright us. Swift.
	
	8. Indicating the space or time through which an action or state
	extends; hence, during; in or through the space or time of.
	For many miles about There 's scarce a bush. Shak.
	Since, hired for life, thy servile muse sing. prior.
	To guide the sun's bright chariot for a day. Garth.
	
	9. Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which,
	anything is done. [Obs.]
	We 'll have a bib, for spoiling of thy doublet. Beau. & Fl.
	For, or As for, so far as concerns; as regards; with reference to; --
	used parenthetically or independently. See under As.
	As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Josh. xxiv. 15.
	For me, my stormy voyage at an end, I to the port of death securely
	tend. Dryden.
	-- For all that, notwithstanding; in spite of.
	 -- For all the world, wholly; exactly. "Whose posy was, for all the
	world, like cutlers' poetry." Shak.
	 -- For as much as, or Forasmuch as, in consideration that; seeing
	that; since.
	 -- For by. See Forby, adv.
	 -- For ever, eternally; at all times. See Forever.
	 -- For me, or For all me, as far as regards me.
	 -- For my life, or For the life of me, if my life depended on it.
	[Colloq.] T. Hook.
	 -- For that, For the reason that, because; since. [Obs.] "For that I
	love your daughter." Shak.
	 -- For thy, or Forthy Etym: [AS. for, for this; on this account.
	[Obs.] "Thomalin, have no care for thy." Spenser.
	 -- For to, as sign of infinitive, in order to; to the end of. [Obs.,
	except as sometimes heard in illiterate speech.] -- "What went ye out
	for to see" Luke vii. 25. See To, prep., 4.
	 -- O for, would that I had; may there be granted; -- elliptically
	expressing desire or prayer. "O for a muse of fire." Shak.
	 -- Were it not for, or If it were not for, leaving out of account;
	but for the presence or action of. "Moral consideration can no way
	move the sensible appetite, were it not for the will." Sir M. Hale.
	
	FOR
	For, conj.
	
	1. Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the
	reason of anything.
	And for of long that way had walkéd none, The vault was hid with
	plants and bushes hoar. Fairfax.
	And Heaven defend your good souls, that you think I will your serious
	and great business scant, For she with me. Shak.
	
	2. Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced,
	a cause, motive, explanation, justification, or the like, of an
	action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent
	to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes
	used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what
	has gone before.
	Give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good; for his mercy endureth
	forever. Ps. cxxxvi. 1.
	Heaven doth with us as we with torches do, Not light them for
	themselves; for if our virtues Did not go forth of us, 't were all
	alike As if we had them not. Shak.
	For because, because. [Obs.] "Nor for because they set less store by
	their own citizens." Robynson (More's Utopia).
	 -- For why. (a) Why; for that reason; wherefore. [Obs.] (b) Because.
	[Obs.] See Forwhy.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Because.
	
	FOR
	For, n.
	
	Defn: One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side;
	that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the
	antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it. The
	fors and against. those in favor and those opposed; the pros and the
	cons; the advantages and the disadvantages. Jane Austen.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  printer
	PRINTER
	Print"er, n.
	
	Defn: One who prints; especially, one who prints books, newspapers,
	engravings, etc., a compositor; a typesetter; a pressman. Printer's
	devil, Printer's gauge. See under Devil, and Gauge.
	 -- Printer's ink. See Printing ink, below.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  part
	PART
	Part, n. Etym: [F. part, L. pars, gen. partis; cf. parere to bring
	forth, produce. Cf. Parent, Depart, Parcel, Partner, Party, Portion.]
	
	1. One of the portions, equal or unequal, into which anything is
	divided, or regarded as divided; something less than a whole; a
	number, quantity, mass, or the like, regarded as going to make up,
	with others, a larger number, quantity, mass, etc., whether actually
	separate or not; a piece; a fragment; a fraction; a division; a
	member; a constituent.
	And kept back part of the price, . . . and brought a certain part and
	laid it at the apostles'feet. Acts v. 2.
	Our ideas of extension and number -- do they not contain a secret
	relation of the parts Locke.
	I am a part of all that I have met. Tennyson.
	
	2. Hence, specifically:
	(a) An equal constituent portion; one of several or many like
	quantities, numbers, etc., into which anything is divided, or of
	which it is composed; proportional division or ingredient.
	An homer is the tenth part of an ephah. Ex. xvi. 36.
	A thought which, quartered, hath but one part wisdom, And ever three
	parts coward. Shak.
	
	(b) A constituent portion of a living or spiritual whole; a member;
	an organ; an essential element.
	All the parts were formed . . . into one harmonious body. Locke.
	The pulse, the glow of every part. Keble.
	
	(c) A constituent of character or capacity; quality; faculty; talent;
	-- usually in the plural with a collective sense. "Men of
	considerable parts." Burke. "Great quickness of parts." Macaulay.
	Which maintained so politic a state of evil, that they will not admit
	any good part to intermingle with them. Shak.
	
	(d) Quarter; region; district; -- usually in the plural. "The
	uttermost part of the heaven." Neh. i. 9.
	All parts resound with tumults, plaints, and fears. Dryden.
	(e) (Math.)
	
	Defn: Such portion of any quantity, as when taken a certain number of
	times, will exactly make that quantity; as, 3 is a part of 12; -- the
	opposite of multiple. Also, a line or other element of a geometrical
	figure.
	
	3. That which belongs to one, or which is assumed by one, or which
	falls to one, in a division or apportionment; share; portion; lot;
	interest; concern; duty; office.
	We have no part in David. 2 Sam. xx. 1.
	Accuse not Nature! she hath done her part; Do thou but thine. Milton.
	Let me bear My part of danger with an equal share. Dryden.
	
	4. Hence, specifically:
	(a) One of the opposing parties or sides in a conflict or a
	controversy; a faction.
	For he that is not against us is on our part. Mark ix. 40.
	Make whole kingdoms take her brother's part. Waller.
	
	(b) A particular character in a drama or a play; an assumed
	personification; also, the language, actions, and influence of a
	character or an actor in a play; or, figuratively, in real life. See
	To act a part, under Act.
	That part Was aptly fitted and naturally performed. Shak.
	It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf. Shak.
	Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all
	the honor lies. Pope.
	(c) (Mus.)
	
	Defn: One of the different melodies of a concerted composition, which
	heard in union compose its harmony; also, the music for each voice or
	instrument; as, the treble, tenor, or bass part; the violin part,
	etc. For my part, so far as concerns me; for my share.
	 -- For the most part. See under Most, a.
	 -- In good part, as well done; favorably; acceptably; in a friendly
	manner. Hooker. In ill part, unfavorably; with displeasure.
	 -- In part, in some degree; partly.
	 -- Part and parcel, an essential or constituent portion; -- a
	reduplicative phrase. Cf. might and main, kith and kin, etc. "She was
	. . . part and parcel of the race and place." Howitt.
	 -- Part of speech (Gram.), a sort or class of words of a particular
	character; thus, the noun is a part of speech denoting the name of a
	thing; the verb is a part of speech which asserts something of the
	subject of a sentence.
	 -- Part owner (Law), one of several owners or tenants in common. See
	Joint tenant, under Joint.
	 -- Part singing, singing in which two or more of the harmonic parts
	are taken.
	 -- Part song, a song in two or more (commonly four) distinct vocal
	parts. "A part song differs from a madrigal in its exclusion of
	contrapuntual devices; from a glee, in its being sung by many voices,
	instead of by one only, to each part." Stainer & Barrett.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Portion; section; division; fraction; fragment; piece; share;
	constituent. See Portion, and Section.
	
	PART
	Part, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Parted; p. pr. & vb. n. Parting.] Etym: [F.
	partir, L. partire, partiri, p. p. partitus, fr. pars, gen. partis, a
	part. See Part, n.]
	
	1. To divide; to separate into distinct parts; to break into two or
	more parts or pieces; to sever. "Thou shalt part it in pieces." Lev.
	ii. 6.
	There, [celestial love] parted into rainbow hues. Keble.
	
	2. To divide into shares; to divide and distribute; to allot; to
	apportion; to share.
	To part his throne, and share his heaven with thee. Pope.
	They parted my raiment among them. John xix. 24.
	
	3. To separate or disunite; to cause to go apart; to remove from
	contact or contiguity; to sunder.
	The Lord do so to me, and more also, if aught but death part thee and
	me. Ruth i. 17.
	While he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into
	heaven. Luke xxiv. 51.
	The narrow seas that part The French and English. Shak.
	
	4. Hence: To hold apart; to stand between; to intervene betwixt, as
	combatants.
	The stumbling night did part our weary powers. Shak.
	
	5. To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion;
	as, to part gold from silver.
	The liver minds his own affair, . . . And parts and strains the vital
	juices. Prior.
	
	6. To leave; to quit. [Obs.]
	Since presently your souls must part your bodies. Shak.
	To part a cable (Naut.), to break it.
	 -- To part company, to separate, as travelers or companions.
	
	PART
	Part, v. i.
	
	1. To be broken or divided into parts or pieces; to break; to become
	separated; to go asunder; as, rope parts; his hair parts in the
	middle.
	
	2. To go away; to depart; to take leave; to quit each other; hence,
	to die; -- often with from.
	He wrung Bassanio's hand, and so they parted. Shak.
	He owned that he had parted from the duke only a few hours before.
	Macaulay.
	His precious bag, which he would by no means part from. G. Eliot.
	
	3. To perform an act of parting; to relinquish a connection of any
	kind; -- followed by with or from.
	Celia, for thy sake, I part With all that grew so near my heart.
	Waller.
	Powerful hands . . . will not part Easily from possession won with
	arms. Milton.
	It was strange to him that a father should feel no tenderness at
	parting with an only son. A. Trollope.
	
	4. To have a part or share; to partake. [Obs.] "They shall part
	alike." 1 Sam. xxx. 24.
	
	PART
	Part, adv.
	
	Defn: Partly; in a measure. [R.] Shak.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  job
	JOB
	Job, n. Etym: [Prov. E. job, gob, n., a small piece of wood, v., to
	stab, strike; cf. E. gob, gobbet; perh. influenced by E. chop to cut
	off, to mince. See Gob.]
	
	1. A sudden thrust or stab; a jab.
	
	2. A piece of chance or occasional work; any definite work undertaken
	in gross for a fixed price; as, he did the job for a thousand
	dollars.
	
	3. A public transaction done for private profit; something performed
	ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a
	corrupt official business.
	
	4. Any affair or event which affects one, whether fortunately or
	unfortunately. [Colloq.]
	
	5. A situation or opportunity of work; as, he lost his job. [Colloq.]
	
	Note: Job is used adjectively to signify doing jobs, used for jobs,
	or let on hire to do jobs; as, job printer; job master; job horse;
	job wagon, etc. By the job, at a stipulated sum for the work, or for
	each piece of work done; -- distinguished from time work; as, the
	house was built by the job.
	 -- Job lot, a quantity of goods, usually miscellaneous, sold out of
	the regular course of trade, at a certain price for the whole; as,
	these articles were included in a job lot.
	 -- Job master, one who lest out horses and carriages for hire, as
	for family use. [Eng.] -- Job printer, one who does miscellaneous
	printing, esp. circulars, cards, billheads, etc.
	 -- Odd job, miscellaneous work of a petty kind; occasional work, of
	various kinds, or for various people.
	
	JOB
	Job, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Jobbed; p. pr. & vb. n. Jobbing.]
	
	1. To strike or stab with a pointed instrument. L'Estrange.
	
	2. To thrust in, as a pointed instrument. Moxon.
	
	3. To do or cause to be done by separate portions or lots; to sublet
	(work); as, to job a contract.
	
	4. (Com.)
	
	Defn: To buy and sell, as a broker; to purchase of importers or
	manufacturers for the purpose of selling to retailers; as, to job
	goods.
	
	5. To hire or let by the job or for a period of service; as, to job a
	carriage. Thackeray.
	
	JOB
	Job, v. i.
	
	1. To do chance work for hire; to work by the piece; to do petty
	work.
	Authors of all work, to job for the season. Moore.
	
	2. To seek private gain under pretense of public service; to turn
	public matters to private advantage.
	And judges job, and bishops bite the town. Pope.
	
	3. To carry on the business of a jobber in merchandise or stocks.
	
	JOB
	Job, n.
	
	Defn: The hero of the book of that name in the Old Testament; the
	typical patient man. Job's comforter. (a) A false friend; a tactless
	or malicious person who, under pretense of sympathy, insinuates
	rebukes. (b) A boil. [Colloq.] -- Job's news, bad news. Carlyle.
	 -- Job's tears (Bot.), a kind of grass (Coix Lacryma), with hard,
	shining, pearly grains.
	

Look up word:  has
	HAS
	Has,
	
	Defn: 3d pers. sing. pres. of Have.
	

Look up word:  flowed
	Word not found
	FLOWED

Look up word:  upstream
	UPSTREAM
	Up*stream", adv.
	
	Defn: Toward the higher part of a stream; against the current.
	

Look up word:  where
	WHERE
	Where, adv. Etym: [OE. wher, whar, AS. hw; akin to D. waar, OS. hw,
	OHG. hwar, war, wa, G. wo, Icel. and Sw. hvar, Dan. hvor, Goth. hwar,
	and E. who; cf. Skr. karhi when. sq. root182. See Who, and cf.
	There.]
	
	1. At or in what place; hence, in what situation, position, or
	circumstances; -- used interrogatively.
	God called unto Adam, . . . Where art thou Gen. iii. 9.
	
	Note: See the Note under What, pron., 1.
	
	2. At or in which place; at the place in which; hence, in the case or
	instance in which; -- used relatively.
	She visited that place where first she was so happy. Sir P. Sidney.
	Where I thought the remnant of mine age Should have been cherished by
	her childlike duty. Shak.
	Where one on his side fights, thousands will fly. Shak.
	But where he rode one mile, the dwarf ran four. Sir W. Scott.
	
	3. To what or which place; hence, to what goal, result, or issue;
	whither; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, where are you
	going
	But where does this tend Goldsmith.
	Lodged in sunny cleft, Where the gold breezes come not. Bryant.
	
	Note: Where is often used pronominally with or without a preposition,
	in elliptical sentences for a place in which, the place in which, or
	what place.
	The star . . . stood over where the young child was. Matt. ii. 9.
	The Son of man hath not where to lay his head. Matt. viii. 20.
	Within about twenty paces of where we were. Goldsmith.
	Where did the minstrels come from Dickens.
	
	Note: Where is much used in composition with preposition, and then is
	equivalent to a pronoun. Cf. Whereat, Whereby, Wherefore, Wherein,
	etc. Where away (Naut.), in what direction; as, where away is the
	land
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Whither.
	
	WHERE
	Where, conj.
	
	Defn: Whereas.
	And flight and die is death destroying death; Where fearing dying
	pays death servile breath. Shak.
	
	WHERE
	Where, n.
	
	Defn: Place; situation. [Obs. or Colloq.]
	Finding the nymph asleep in secret where. Spenser.
	
	WHEREABOUT; WHEREABOUTS
	Where"a*bout`, Where"a*bouts`, adv.
	
	1. About where; near what or which place; -- used interrogatively and
	relatively; as, whereabouts did you meet him
	
	Note: In this sense, whereabouts is the common form.
	
	2. Concerning which; about which. "The object whereabout they are
	conversant." Hooker.
	
	WHEREABOUT; WHEREABOUTS
	Where"a*bout`, Where"a*bouts`, n.
	
	Defn: The place where a person or thing is; as, they did not know his
	whereabouts. Shak.
	A puzzling notice of thy whereabout. Wordsworth.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  done
	DONE
	Done,
	
	Defn: p. p. from Do, and formerly the infinitive.
	
	1. Performed; executed; finished.
	
	2. It is done or agreed; let it be a match or bargain; -- used
	elliptically. Done brown, a phrase in cookery; applied figuratively
	to one who has been thoroughly deceived, cheated, or fooled.
	[Colloq.] -- Done for, tired out; used up; collapsed; destroyed;
	dead; killed. [Colloq.] -- Done up. (a) Wrapped up. (b) Worn out;
	exhausted. [Colloq.]
	
	DONE
	Done, a. Etym: [Prob. corrupted from OF. doné, F. donné, p. p. of OF.
	doner, F. donner, to give, issue, fr. L. donare to give. See Donate,
	and cf. Donee.]
	
	Defn: Given; executed; issued; made public; -- used chiefly in the
	clause giving the date of a proclamation or public act.
	

Look up word:  either
	EITHER
	Ei"ther, a. & pron. Etym: [OE. either, aither, AS. , (akin to OHG. ,
	MHG. iegeweder); a + ge + hwæ whether. See Each, and Whether, and cf.
	Or, conj.]
	
	1. One of two; the one or the other; -- properly used of two things,
	but sometimes of a larger number, for any one.
	Lepidus flatters both, Of both is flattered; but he neither loves,
	Nor either cares for him. Shak.
	Scarce a palm of ground could be gotten by either of the three.
	Bacon.
	There have been three talkers in Great British, either of whom would
	illustrate what I say about dogmatists. Holmes.
	
	2. Each of two; the one and the other; both; -- formerly, also, each
	of any number.
	His flowing hair In curls on either cheek played. Milton.
	On either side . . . was there the tree of life. Rev. xxii. 2.
	The extreme right and left of either army never engaged. Jowett
	(Thucyd).
	
	EITHER
	Ei"ther, conj. Either
	
	Defn: precedes two, or more, coördinate words or phrases, and is
	introductory to an alternative. It is correlative to or.
	Either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or
	peradventure he sleepeth. 1 Kings xviii. 27.
	Few writers hesitate to use either in what is called a triple
	alternative; such as, We must either stay where we are, proceed, or
	recede. Latham.
	
	Note: Either was formerly sometimes used without any correlation, and
	where we should now use or.
	Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries either a vine, figs
	James iii. 12.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  separately
	Word not found
	SEPARATELY

Look up word:  contracting
	Word not found
	CONTRACTING

Look up word:  companies
	Word not found
	COMPANIES

Look up word:  working
	WORKING
	Work"ing,
	
	Defn: a & n. from Work.
	The word must cousin be to the working. Chaucer.
	Working beam. See Beam, n. 10.
	 -- Working class, the class of people who are engaged in manual
	labor, or are dependent upon it for support; laborers; operatives; --
	chiefly used in the plural.
	 -- Working day. See under Day, n.
	 -- Working drawing, a drawing, as of the whole or part of a
	structure, machine, etc., made to a scale, and intended to be
	followed by the workmen. Working drawings are either general or
	detail drawings.
	 -- Working house, a house where work is performed; a workhouse.
	 -- Working point (Mach.), that part of a machine at which the effect
	required; the point where the useful work is done.
	
	WORKING-DAY
	Work"ing-day, a.
	
	Defn: Pertaining to, or characteristic of, working days, or workdays;
	everyday; hence, plodding; hard-working.
	O, how full of briers in this working-day world. Shak.
	

Look up word:  for
	FOR
	For, prep. Etym: [AS. for, fore; akin to OS. for, fora, furi, D.
	voor, OHG. fora, G. vor, OHG. furi, G. für, Icel. fyrir, Sw. för,
	Dan. for, adv. för, Goth. faúr, faúra, L. pro, Gr. pra-. sq. root
	202. Cf. Fore, First, Foremost, Forth, Pro-.]
	
	Defn: In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of,
	in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes
	place.
	
	1. Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the
	motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state;
	the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is
	done.
	With fiery eyes sparkling for very wrath. Shak.
	How to choose dogs for scent or speed. Waller.
	Now, for so many glorious actions done, For peace at home, and for
	the public wealth, I mean to crown a bowl for Cæsar's health. Dryden.
	That which we, for our unworthiness, are afraid to crave, our prayer
	is, that God, for the worthiness of his Son, would, notwithstanding,
	vouchsafe to grant. Hooker.
	
	2. Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or
	final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is
	done.
	The oak for nothing ill, The osier good for twigs, the poplar for the
	mill. Spenser.
	It was young counsel for the persons, and violent counsel for the
	matters. Bacon.
	Shall I think the worls was made for one, And men are born for kings,
	as beasts for men, Not for protection, but to be devoured Dryden.
	For he writes not for money, nor for praise. Denham.
	
	3. Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything
	is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; --
	opposed to against.
	We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. 2 Cor. xiii.
	8.
	It is for the general good of human society, and consequently of
	particular persons, to be true and just; and it is for men's health
	to be temperate. Tillotson.
	Aristotle is for poetical justice. Dennis.
	
	4. Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed,
	or the point toward which motion is made;
	We sailed from Peru for China and Japan. Bacon.
	
	5. Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or
	serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation,
	or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of.
	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, eye
	for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. Ex. xxi. 23,
	24.
	
	6. Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is
	regarded or treated; to be, or as being.
	We take a falling meteor for a star. Cowley.
	If a man can be fully assured of anything for a truth, without having
	examined, what is there that he may not embrace for truLocke.
	Most of our ingenious young men take up some cried-up English poet
	for their model. Dryden.
	But let her go for an ungrateful woman. Philips.
	
	7. Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the
	performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done,
	occurs, or is; hence, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; --
	generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc.
	The writer will do what she please for all me. Spectator.
	God's desertion shall, for aught he knows, the next minute supervene.
	Dr. H. More.
	For anything that legally appears to the contrary, it may be a
	contrivance to fright us. Swift.
	
	8. Indicating the space or time through which an action or state
	extends; hence, during; in or through the space or time of.
	For many miles about There 's scarce a bush. Shak.
	Since, hired for life, thy servile muse sing. prior.
	To guide the sun's bright chariot for a day. Garth.
	
	9. Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which,
	anything is done. [Obs.]
	We 'll have a bib, for spoiling of thy doublet. Beau. & Fl.
	For, or As for, so far as concerns; as regards; with reference to; --
	used parenthetically or independently. See under As.
	As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Josh. xxiv. 15.
	For me, my stormy voyage at an end, I to the port of death securely
	tend. Dryden.
	-- For all that, notwithstanding; in spite of.
	 -- For all the world, wholly; exactly. "Whose posy was, for all the
	world, like cutlers' poetry." Shak.
	 -- For as much as, or Forasmuch as, in consideration that; seeing
	that; since.
	 -- For by. See Forby, adv.
	 -- For ever, eternally; at all times. See Forever.
	 -- For me, or For all me, as far as regards me.
	 -- For my life, or For the life of me, if my life depended on it.
	[Colloq.] T. Hook.
	 -- For that, For the reason that, because; since. [Obs.] "For that I
	love your daughter." Shak.
	 -- For thy, or Forthy Etym: [AS. for, for this; on this account.
	[Obs.] "Thomalin, have no care for thy." Spenser.
	 -- For to, as sign of infinitive, in order to; to the end of. [Obs.,
	except as sometimes heard in illiterate speech.] -- "What went ye out
	for to see" Luke vii. 25. See To, prep., 4.
	 -- O for, would that I had; may there be granted; -- elliptically
	expressing desire or prayer. "O for a muse of fire." Shak.
	 -- Were it not for, or If it were not for, leaving out of account;
	but for the presence or action of. "Moral consideration can no way
	move the sensible appetite, were it not for the will." Sir M. Hale.
	
	FOR
	For, conj.
	
	1. Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the
	reason of anything.
	And for of long that way had walkéd none, The vault was hid with
	plants and bushes hoar. Fairfax.
	And Heaven defend your good souls, that you think I will your serious
	and great business scant, For she with me. Shak.
	
	2. Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced,
	a cause, motive, explanation, justification, or the like, of an
	action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent
	to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes
	used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what
	has gone before.
	Give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good; for his mercy endureth
	forever. Ps. cxxxvi. 1.
	Heaven doth with us as we with torches do, Not light them for
	themselves; for if our virtues Did not go forth of us, 't were all
	alike As if we had them not. Shak.
	For because, because. [Obs.] "Nor for because they set less store by
	their own citizens." Robynson (More's Utopia).
	 -- For why. (a) Why; for that reason; wherefore. [Obs.] (b) Because.
	[Obs.] See Forwhy.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Because.
	
	FOR
	For, n.
	
	Defn: One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side;
	that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the
	antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it. The
	fors and against. those in favor and those opposed; the pros and the
	cons; the advantages and the disadvantages. Jane Austen.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  publisher
	PUBLISHER
	Pub"lish*er, n.
	
	Defn: One who publishes; as, a publisher of a book or magazine.
	For love of you, not hate unto my friend, Hath made me publisher of
	this pretense. Shak.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  publishers
	Word not found
	PUBLISHERS

Look up word:  themselves
	THEMSELVES
	Them*selves", pron.
	
	Defn: The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See Himself,
	Herself, Itself.
	

Look up word:  or
	OR
	Or, conj. Etym: [OE. or, outher, other, auther, either, or, AS. aw,
	contr. from ahwæ; a aye + hwæ whether. See Aye, and Whether, and cf.
	Either.]
	
	Defn: A particle that marks an alternative; as, you may read or may
	write, -- that is, you may do one of the things at your pleasure, but
	not both. It corresponds to either. You may ride either to London or
	to Windsor. It often connects a series of words or propositions,
	presenting a choice of either; as, he may study law, or medicine, or
	divinity, or he may enter into trade.
	If man's convenience, health, Or safety interfere, his rights and
	claims Are paramount. Cowper.
	
	Note: Or may be used to join as alternatives terms expressing unlike
	things or ideas (as, is the orange sour or sweet), or different terms
	expressing the same thing or idea; as, this is a sphere, or globe.
	
	Note: Or sometimes begins a sentence. In this case it expresses an
	alternative or subjoins a clause differing from the foregoing. "Or
	what man is there of you, who, if his son shall ask him for a loaf,
	will give him a stone" Matt. vii. 9 (Rev. Ver. ). Or for either is
	archaic or poetic.
	Maugre thine heed, thou must for indigence Or steal, or beg, or
	borrow thy dispence. Chaucer.
	
	OR
	Or, prep. & adv. Etym: [AS. ere, before. sq. root204. See Ere, prep.
	& adv.]
	
	Defn: Ere; before; sooner than. [Obs.]
	But natheless, while I have time and space, Or that I forther in this
	tale pace. Chaucer.
	Or ever, Or ere. See under Ever, and Ere.
	
	OR
	Or, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. aurum gold. Cf. Aureate.] (Her.)
	
	Defn: Yellow or gold color, -- represented in drawing or engraving by
	small dots.
	

Look up word:  even
	EVEN
	E"ven n. Etym: [OE. eve, even, efen, æfen. AS. æfen; akin to OS.
	aband, OFries, avend, D. avond, OHG. aband, Icel. aptan, Sw. afton,
	Dan. aften; of unknown origin. Cf. Eve, Evening.]
	
	Defn: Evening. See Eve, n. 1. [Poetic.] Shak.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, a. Etym: [AS. efen. efn; akin to OS. eban, D. even, OHG. eban,
	G. efen, Icel. jafn, Dan. jevn, Sw. jämn, Goth. ibns. Cf. Anent,
	Ebb.]
	
	1. Level, smooth, or equal in surface; not rough; free from
	irregularities; hence uniform in rate of motion of action; as, even
	ground; an even speed; an even course of conduct.
	
	2. Equable; not easily ruffed or disturbed; calm; uniformly self-
	possessed; as, an even temper.
	
	3. Parallel; on a level; reaching the same limit.
	And shall lay thee even with the ground. Luke xix. 44.
	
	4. Balanced; adjusted; fair; equitable; impartial; just to both side;
	owing nothing on either side; -- said of accounts, bargains, or
	persons indebted; as, our accounts are even; an even bargain.
	To make the even truth in pleasure flow. Shak.
	
	5. Without an irregularity, flaw, or blemish; pure. "I know my life
	so even." Shak.
	
	6. Associate; fellow; of the same condition. [Obs.] "His even
	servant." Wyclif (Matt.
	
	7. Not odd; capable of division by two without a remainder; -- said
	of numbers; as, 4 and 10 are even numbers.
	Whether the number of the stars is even or odd. Jer. Taylor.
	On even ground, with equal advantage.
	 -- On even keel (Naut.), in a level or horizontal position.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Evened; p. pr. & vb. n. Evening]
	
	1. To make even or level; to level; to lay smooth.
	His temple Xerxes evened with the soil. Sir. W. Raleigh.
	It will even all inequalities Evelyn.
	
	2. To equal [Obs.] "To even him in valor." Fuller.
	
	3. To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in
	which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make
	quits. Shak.
	
	4. To set right; to complete.
	
	5. To act up to; to keep pace with. Shak.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, v. i.
	
	Defn: To be equal. [Obs.] R. Carew.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, adv. Etym: [AS. efne. See Even, a., and cf. E'en.]
	
	1. In an equal or precisely similar manner; equally; precisely; just;
	likewise; as well. "Is it even so" Shak.
	Even so did these Gauls possess the coast. Spenser.
	
	2. Up to, or down to, an unusual measure or level; so much as; fully;
	quite.
	Thou wast a soldier Even to Cato's wish. Shak.
	Without . . . making us even sensible of the change. Swift.
	
	3. As might not be expected; -- serving to introduce what is
	unexpected or less expected.
	I have made several discoveries, which appear new, even to those who
	are versed in critical learning. Addison.
	
	4. At the very time; in the very case.
	I knew they were had enough to please, even when I wrote them.
	Dryden.
	
	Note: Even is sometimes used to emphasize a word or phrase. "I have
	debated even in my soul." Shak.
	By these presence, even the presence of Lord Mortimer. Shak.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  authors
	Word not found
	AUTHORS

Look up word:  Mergers
	Word not found
	MERGERS

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  manufacturing
	MANUFACTURING
	Man`u*fac"tur*ing, a.
	
	1. Employed, or chiefly employed, in manufacture; as, a manufacturing
	community; a manufacturing town.
	
	2. Pertaining to manufacture; as, manufacturing projects.
	

Look up word:  industry
	INDUSTRY
	In"dus*try, n.; pl. Industries. Etym: [L. industria, cf. industrius
	diligent; of uncertain origin: cf. F. industrie.]
	
	1. Habitual diligence in any employment or pursuit, either bodily or
	mental; steady attention to business; assiduity; -- opposed to sloth
	and idleness; as, industry pays debts, while idleness or despair will
	increase them.
	We are more industrious than our forefathers, because in the present
	times the funds destined for the maintenance of industry are much
	greater in proportion to those which are likely to be employed in the
	maintenance of idleness, than they were two or three centuries ago.
	A. Smith.
	
	2. Any department or branch of art, occupation, or business;
	especially, one which employs much labor and capital and is a
	distinct branch of trade; as, the sugar industry; the iron industry;
	the cotton industry.
	
	3. (Polit. Econ.)
	
	Defn: Human exertion of any kind employed for the creation of value,
	and regarded by some as a species of capital or wealth; labor.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Diligence; assiduity; perseverance; activity; laboriousness;
	attention. See Diligence.
	

Look up word:  mean
	MEAN
	Mean, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Meant; p. pr. & vb. n. Meaning.] Etym: [OE.
	menen, AS. mænan to recite, tell, intend, wish; akin to OS. menian to
	have in mind, mean, D. meenen, G. meinen, OHG. meinan, Icel. meina,
	Sw. mena, Dan. mene, and to E. mind. Mind, and cf. Moan.]
	
	1. To have in the mind, as a purpose, intention, etc.; to intend; to
	purpose; to design; as, what do you mean to do
	What mean ye by this service Ex. xii. 26.
	Ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good. Gen. 1. 20.
	I am not a Spaniard To say that it is yours and not to mean it.
	Longfellow.
	
	2. To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.
	What mean these seven ewe lambs Gen. xxi. 29.
	Go ye, and learn what that me. Matt. ix. 13.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, v. i.
	
	Defn: To have a purpose or intention. [Rare, except in the phrase to
	mean well, or ill.] Shak.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, a. [Compar. Meaner; superl. Meanest.] Etym: [OE. mene, AS. m
	wicked; akin to man, a., wicked, n., wickedness, OS. m wickedness,
	OHG. mein, G. meineid perjury, Icel. mein harm, hurt, and perh. to
	AS. gem common, general, D. gemeen, G. gemein, Goth. gamáins, and L.
	communis. The AS. gem prob. influenced the meaning.]
	
	1. Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.
	"Of mean parentage." Sir P. Sidney.
	The mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself. Is. ii.
	9.
	
	2. Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor;
	spiritless; as, a mean motive.
	Can you imagine I so mean could prove, To save my life by changing of
	my love Dryden.
	
	3. Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard;
	contemptible; despicable.
	The Roman legions and great Cæsar found Our fathers no mean foes. J.
	Philips.
	
	4. Of poor quality; as, mean fare.
	
	5. Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as, mean hospitality.
	
	Note: Mean is sometimes used in the formation of compounds, the sense
	of which is obvious without explanation; as, meanborn, mean-looking,
	etc.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Base; ignoble; abject; beggarly; wretched; degraded; degenerate;
	vulgar; vile; servile; menial; spiritless; groveling; slavish;
	dishonorable; disgraceful; shameful; despicable; contemptible;
	paltry; sordid. See Base.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, a. Etym: [OE. mene, OF. meiien, F. moyen, fr. L. medianus that
	is in the middle, fr. medius; akin to E. mid. See Mid.]
	
	1. Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between
	extremes.
	Being of middle age and a mean stature. Sir. P. Sidney.
	
	2. Intermediate in excellence of any kind.
	According to the fittest style of lofty, mean, or lowly. Milton.
	
	3. (Math.)
	
	Defn: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes, or
	between the several successive values of a variable quantity during
	one cycle of variation; as, mean distance; mean motion; mean solar
	day. Mean distance (of a planet from the sun) (Astron.), the average
	of the distances throughout one revolution of the planet, equivalent
	to the semi-major axis of the orbit.
	 -- Mean error (Math. Phys.), the average error of a number of
	observations found by taking the mean value of the positive and
	negative errors without regard to sign.
	 -- Mean-square error, or Error of the mean square (Math. Phys.), the
	error the square of which is the mean of the squares of all the
	errors; -- called also, especially by European writers, mean error.
	 -- Mean line. (Crystallog.) Same as Bisectrix.
	 -- Mean noon, noon as determined by mean time.
	 -- Mean proportional (between two numbers) (Math.), the square root
	of their product.
	 -- Mean sun, a fictitious sun supposed to move uniformly in the
	equator so as to be on the meridian each day at mean noon.
	 -- Mean time, time as measured by an equable motion, as of a perfect
	clock, or as reckoned on the supposition that all the days of the
	year are of a mean or uniform length, in contradistinction from
	apparent time, or that actually indicated by the sun, and from
	sidereal time, or that measured by the stars.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, n.
	
	1. That which is mean, or intermediate, between two extremes of
	place, time, or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or
	degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess;
	moderation; measure.
	But to speak in a mean, the virtue of prosperity is temperance; the
	virtue of adversity is fortitude. Bacon.
	There is a mean in all things. Dryden.
	The extremes we have mentioned, between which the wellinstracted
	Christian holds the mean, are correlatives. I. Taylor.
	
	2. (Math.)
	
	Defn: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others,
	from which it is derived, and of which it expresses the resultant
	value; usually, unless otherwise specified, it is the simple average,
	formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their
	number, which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is
	the square root of the product of the quantities.
	
	3. That through which, or by the help of which, an end is attained;
	something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or
	measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.
	Their virtuous conversation was a mean to work the conversion of the
	heathen to Christ. Hooker.
	You may be able, by this mean, to review your own scientific
	acquirements. Coleridge.
	Philosophical doubt is not an end, but a mean. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	Note: In this sense the word is usually employed in the plural form
	means, and often with a singular attribute or predicate, as if a
	singular noun.
	By this means he had them more at vantage. Bacon.
	What other means is left unto us. Shak.
	
	4. pl.
	
	Defn: Hence: Resources; property, revenue, or the like, considered as
	the condition of easy livelihood, or an instrumentality at command
	for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.
	Your means are very slender, and your waste is great. Shak.
	
	5. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: A part, whether alto or tenor, intermediate between the soprano
	and base; a middle part. [Obs.]
	The mean is drowned with your unruly base. Shak.
	
	6. Meantime; meanwhile. [Obs.] Spenser.
	
	7. A mediator; a go-between. [Obs.] Piers Plowman.
	He wooeth her by means and by brokage. Chaucer.
	By all means, certainly; without fail; as, go, by all means.
	 -- By any means, in any way; possibly; at all.
	If by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead. Phil.
	iii. ll.
	-- By no means, or By no manner of means, not at all; certainly not;
	not in any degree.
	The wine on this side of the lake is by no means so good as that on
	the other. Addison.
	

Look up word:  that
	THAT
	That, pron., a., conj., & adv. Etym: [AS. th\'91t, neuter nom. & acc.
	sing. of the article (originally a demonstrative pronoun). The nom.
	masc. se, and the nom. fem. seó are from a different root. AS.
	th\'91t is akin to D. dat, G. das, OHG. daz, Sw. & Dan. det, Icel.
	Þat (masc. sa, fem. so), Goth. Þata (masc. sa, fem. so), Gr. tat (for
	tad, masc. sas, fem. sa); cf. L. istud that. *184. Cf. The, Their,
	They, Them, This, Than, Since.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out,
	or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to
	be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to
	which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the
	basket are good apples.
	The early fame of Gratian was equal to that of the most celebrated
	princes. Gibbon.
	
	Note: That may refer to an entire sentence or paragraph, and not
	merely to a word. It usually follows, but sometimes precedes, the
	sentence referred to.
	That be far from thee, to do after this manner, to slay the righteous
	with the wicked. Gen. xviii. 25.
	And when Moses heard that, he was content. Lev. x. 20.
	I will know your business, Harry, that I will. Shak.
	
	Note: That is often used in opposition to this, or by way of
	distinction, and in such cases this, like the Latin hic and French
	ceci, generally refers to that which is nearer, and that, like Latin
	ille and French cela, to that which is more remote. When they refer
	to foreign words or phrases, this generally refers to the latter, and
	that to the former.
	Two principles in human nature reign; Self-love, to urge, and Reason,
	to restrain; Nor this a good, nor that a bad we call. Pope.
	If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this or that. James iv. 16.
	
	2. As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun.
	It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of
	judgment, than for that city. Matt. x. 15.
	The woman was made whole from that hour. Matt. ix. 22.
	
	Note: That was formerly sometimes used with the force of the article
	the, especially in the phrases that one, that other, which were
	subsequently corrupted into th'tone, th'tother (now written t'other).
	Upon a day out riden knightes two . . . That one of them came home,
	that other not. Chaucer.
	
	3. As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving
	to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or
	alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural.
	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame. Prov. ix. 7.
	A judgment that is equal and impartial must incline to the greater
	probabilities. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	Note: If the relative clause simply conveys an additional idea, and
	is not properly explanatory or restrictive, who or which (rarely
	that) is employed; as, the king that (or who) rules well is generally
	popular; Victoria, who (not that) rules well, enjoys the confidence
	of her subjects. Ambiguity may in some cases be avoided in the use of
	that (which is restrictive) instead of who or which, likely to be
	understood in a coördinating sense. Bain. That was formerly used for
	that which, as what is now; but such use is now archaic.
	We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen. John iii.
	11.
	That I have done it is thyself to wite [blame]. Chaucer.
	That, as a relative pronoun, cannot be governed by a preposition
	preceding it, but may be governed by one at the end of the sentence
	which it commences.
	The ship that somebody was sailing in. Sir W. Scott.
	In Old English, that was often used with the demonstratives he, his,
	him, etc., and the two together had the force of a relative pronoun;
	thus, that he = who; that his = whose; that him = whom.
	I saw to-day a corpse yborn to church That now on Monday last I saw
	him wirche [work]. Chaucer.
	Formerly, that was used, where we now commonly use which, as a
	relative pronoun with the demonstrative pronoun that as its
	antecedent.
	That that dieth, let it die; and that that is to cut off, let it be
	cut off. Zech. xi. 9.
	
	4. As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a
	demonstrative pronoun. It is used, specifically: --
	(a) To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding
	verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb.
	She tells them 't is a causeless fantasy, And childish error, that
	they are afraid. Shak.
	I have shewed before, that a mere possibility to the contrary, can by
	no means hinder a thing from being highly credible. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	(b) To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in
	that, for the reason that, because.
	He does hear me; And that he does, I weep. Shak.
	
	(c) To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and
	frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc.
	These things I say, that ye might be saved. John v. 34.
	To the end that he may prolong his days. Deut. xvii. 20.
	
	(d) To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually
	preceded by so or such, sometimes by that.
	The birds their notes renew, and bleating herds Attest their joy,
	that hill and valley rings. Milton.
	He gazed so long That both his eyes were dazzled. Tennyson.
	(e) To introduce a clause denoting time; -- equivalent to in which
	time, at which time, when.
	So wept Duessa until eventide, That shining lamps in Jove's high
	course were lit. Spenser.
	Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice
	Shak.
	
	(f) In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence
	expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like.
	Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knight and I
	have seen! Shak.
	O God, that right should thus overcome might! Shak.
	
	Note: That was formerly added to other conjunctions or to adverbs to
	make them emphatic.
	To try if that our own be ours or no. Shak.
	That is sometimes used to connect a clause with a preceding
	conjunction on which it depends.
	When he had carried Rome and that we looked For no less spoil than
	glory. Shak.
	
	5. As adverb: To such a degree; so; as, he was that frightened he
	could say nothing. [Archaic or in illiteral use.] All that,
	everything of that kind; all that sort.
	With singing, laughing, ogling, and all that. Pope.
	The rank is but the guinea's stamp, The man's the gowd [gold] for
	a'that. Burns.
	-- For that. See under For, prep.
	 -- In that. See under In, prep.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  now
	NOW
	Now, adv. Etym: [OE. nou, nu, AS. nu, nu; akin to D., OS., & OHG. nu,
	G. nu, nun, Icel., nu, Dan., Sw., & Goth. nu, L. nunc, Gr. nu, nu.
	*193. Cf. New.]
	
	1. At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking;
	instantly; as, I will write now.
	I have a patient now living, at an advanced age, who discharged blood
	from his lungs thirty years ago. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. Very lately; not long ago.
	They that but now, for honor and for plate, Made the sea blush with
	blood, resign their hate. Waller.
	
	3. At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or
	contemplated; at a particular time referred to.
	The ship was now in the midst of the sea. Matt. xiv. 24.
	
	4. In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used
	as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an
	explanation.
	How shall any man distinguish now betwixt a parasite and a man of
	honor L'Estrange.
	Why should he live, now nature bankrupt is Shak.
	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now,
	Barabbas was a robber. John xviii. 40.
	The other great and undoing mischief which befalls men is, by their
	being misrepresented. Now, by calling evil good, a man is
	misrepresented to others in the way of slander. South.
	Now and again, now and then; occasionally.
	 -- Now and now, again and again; repeatedly. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- Now and then, at one time and another; indefinitely;
	occasionally; not often; at intervals. "A mead here, there a heath,
	and now and then a wood." Drayton.
	 -- Now now, at this very instant; precisely now. [Obs.] "Why, even
	now now, at holding up of this finger, and before the turning down of
	this." J. Webster (1607).
	 -- Now . . . now, alternately; at one time . . . at another time.
	"Now high, now low, now master up, now miss." Pope.
	
	NOW
	Now, a.
	
	Defn: Existing at the present time; present. [R.] "Our now
	happiness." Glanvill.
	
	NOW
	Now, n.
	
	Defn: The present time or moment; the present.
	Nothing is there to come, and nothing past; But an eternal now does
	ever last. Cowley.
	

Look up word:  unusual
	UNUSUAL
	Un*u"su*al, a.
	
	Defn: Not usual; uncommon; rare; as, an unusual season; a person of
	unusual grace or erudition.
	 -- Un*u"su*al*ly, adv.
	 -- Un*u"su*al*ness, n.
	

Look up word:  to
	TO
	To (emphatic or alone, obscure or unemphatic), prep. Etym: [AS. to;
	akin to OS. & OFries. to, D. toe, G. zu, OHG. zuo, zua, zo, Russ. do,
	Ir. & Gael. do, OL. -do, -du, as in endo, indu, in, Gr. Too, Tatoo a
	beat of drums.]
	
	1. The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival,
	motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it,
	access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement
	toward; -- opposed to Ant: from. "To Canterbury they wend." Chaucer.
	Stay with us, go not to Wittenberg. Shak.
	So to the sylvan lodge They came, that like Pomona's arbor smiled.
	Milton.
	I'll to him again, . . . He'll tell me all his purpose. She stretched
	her arms to heaven. Dryden.
	
	2. Hence, it indicates motion, course, or tendency toward a time, a
	state or condition, an aim, or anything capable of being regarded as
	a limit to a tendency, movement, or action; as, he is going to a
	trade; he is rising to wealth and honor.
	
	Note: Formerly, by omission of the verb denoting motion, to sometimes
	followed a form of be, with the sense of at, or in. "When the sun was
	[gone or declined] to rest." Chaucer.
	
	3. In a very general way, and with innumerable varieties of
	application, to connects transitive verbs with their remoter or
	indirect object, and adjectives, nouns, and neuter or passive verbs
	with a following noun which limits their action. Its sphere verges
	upon that of for, but it contains less the idea of design or
	appropriation; as, these remarks were addressed to a large audience;
	let us keep this seat to ourselves; a substance sweet to the taste;
	an event painful to the mind; duty to God and to our parents; a
	dislike to spirituous liquor.
	Marks and points out each man of us to slaughter. B. Jonson.
	Whilst they, distilled Almost to jelly with the act of fear, Stand
	dumb and speak not to him. Shak.
	Add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge; and to knowledge
	temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
	and to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness
	charity. 2 Pet. i. 5,6,7.
	I have a king's oath to the contrary. Shak.
	Numbers were crowded to death. Clarendon.
	Fate and the dooming gods are deaf to tears. Dryden.
	Go, buckle to the law. Dryden.
	
	4. As sign of the infinitive, to had originally the use of last
	defined, governing the infinitive as a verbal noun, and connecting it
	as indirect object with a preceding verb or adjective; thus, ready to
	go, i.e., ready unto going; good to eat, i.e., good for eating; I do
	my utmost to lead my life pleasantly. But it has come to be the
	almost constant prefix to the infinitive, even in situations where it
	has no prepositional meaning, as where the infinitive is direct
	object or subject; thus, I love to learn, i.e., I love learning; to
	die for one's country is noble, i.e., the dying for one's country.
	Where the infinitive denotes the design or purpose, good usage
	formerly allowed the prefixing of for to the to; as, what went ye out
	for see (Matt. xi. 8).
	Then longen folk to go on pilgrimages, And palmers for to seeken
	strange stranders. Chaucer.
	
	Note: Such usage is now obsolete or illiterate. In colloquial usage,
	to often stands for, and supplies, an infinitive already mentioned;
	thus, he commands me to go with him, but I do not wish to.
	
	5. In many phrases, and in connection with many other words, to has a
	pregnant meaning, or is used elliptically. Thus, it denotes or
	implies:
	(a) Extent; limit; degree of comprehension; inclusion as far as; as,
	they met us to the number of three hundred.
	We ready are to try our fortunes To the last man. Shak.
	Few of the Esquimaux can count to ten. Quant. Rev.
	
	(b) Effect; end; consequence; as, the prince was flattered to his
	ruin; he engaged in a war to his cost; violent factions exist to the
	prejudice of the state.
	(c) Apposition; connection; antithesis; opposition; as, they engaged
	hand to hand.
	Now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face. 1 Cor.
	xiii. 12.
	
	(d) Accord; adaptation; as, an occupation to his taste; she has a
	husband to her mind.
	He to God's image, she to his was made. Dryden.
	
	(e) Comparison; as, three is to nine as nine is to twenty-seven; it
	is ten to one that you will offend him.
	All that they did was piety to this. B. Jonson.
	
	(f) Addition; union; accumulation.
	Wisdom he has, and to his wisdom, courage. Denham.
	
	(g) Accompaniment; as, she sang to his guitar; they danced to the
	music of a piano.
	Anon they move In perfect phalanx to the Dorian mood Of flutes and
	soft recorders. Milton.
	
	(h) Character; condition of being; purpose subserved or office
	filled. [In this sense archaic] "I have a king here to my flatterer."
	Shak.
	Made his masters and others . . . to consider him to a little wonder.
	Walton.
	
	Note: To in to-day, to-night, and to-morrow has the sense or force of
	for or on; for, or on, (this) day, for, or on, (this) night, for, or
	on, (the) morrow. To-day, to-night, to-morrow may be considered as
	compounds, and usually as adverbs; but they are sometimes used as
	nouns; as, to-day is ours.
	To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow; Creeps in this petty pace
	from day to day. Shak.
	To and again, to and fro. [R.] -- To and fro, forward and back. In
	this phrase, to is adverbial.
	There was great showing both to and fro. Chaucer.
	-- To-and-fro, a pacing backward and forward; as, to commence a to-
	and-fro. Tennyson.
	 -- To the face, in front of; in behind; hence, in the presence of.
	 -- To wit, to know; namely. See Wit, v. i.
	
	Note: To, without an object expressed, is used adverbially; as, put
	to the door, i. e., put the door to its frame, close it; and in the
	nautical expressions, to heave to, to come to, meaning to a certain
	position. To, like on, is sometimes used as a command, forward, set
	to. "To, Achilles! to, Ajax! to!" Shak.
	

Look up word:  find
	FIND
	Find, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Found; p. pr. & vb. n. Finding.] Etym: [AS.
	findan; akin to D. vinden, OS. & OHG. findan, G. finden, Dan. finde,
	icel. & Sw. finna, Goth. fin; and perh. to L. petere to seek, Gr. pat
	to fall, fly, E. petition.]
	
	1. To meet with, or light upon, accidentally; to gain the first sight
	or knowledge of, as of something new, or unknown; hence, to fall in
	with, as a person.
	Searching the window for a flint, I found This paper, thus sealed up.
	Shak.
	In woods and forests thou art found. Cowley.
	
	2. To learn by experience or trial; to perceive; to experience; to
	discover by the intellect or the feelings; to detect; to feel. "I
	find you passing gentle." Shak.
	The torrid zone is now found habitable. Cowley.
	
	3. To come upon by seeking; as, to find something lost.
	(a) To discover by sounding; as, to find bottom.
	(b) To discover by study or experiment direct to an object or end;
	as, water is found to be a compound substance.
	(c) To gain, as the object of desire or effort; as, to find leisure;
	to find means.
	(d) To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire.
	Seek, and ye shall find. Matt. vii. 7.
	Every mountain now hath found a tongue. Byron.
	
	4. To provide for; to supply; to furnish; as, to find food for
	workemen; he finds his nephew in money.
	Wages £14 and all found. London Times.
	Nothing a day and find yourself. Dickens.
	
	5. To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish;
	as, to find a verdict; to find a true bill (of indictment) against an
	accused person.
	To find his title with some shows of truth. Shak.
	To find out, to detect (a thief); to discover (a secret) -- to solve
	or unriddle (a parable or enigma); to understand. "Canst thou by
	searching find out God" Job. xi. 7. "We do hope to find out all your
	tricks." Milton.
	 -- To find fault with, to blame; to censure.
	 -- To find one's self, to be; to fare; -- often used in speaking of
	health; as, how do you find yourself this morning
	
	FIND
	Find, v. i. (Law)
	
	Defn: To determine an issue of fact, and to declare such a
	determination to a court; as, the jury find for the plaintiff.
	Burrill.
	
	FIND
	Find, n.
	
	Defn: Anything found; a discovery of anything valuable; especially, a
	deposit, discovered by archæologists, of objects of prehistoric or
	unknown origin.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  bindery
	BINDERY
	Bind"er*y, n.
	
	Defn: A place where books, or other articles, are bound; a
	bookbinder's establishment.
	

Look up word:  which
	WHICH
	Which, pron. Etym: [OE. which, whilk, AS. hwilc, hwylc, hwelc, from
	the root of hwa who + lic body; hence properly, of what sort or kind;
	akin to OS. hwilik which, OFries. hwelik, D. welk, G. welch, OHG.
	welih, hwelih, Icel. hvilikr, Dan. & Sw. hvilken, Goth. hwileiks,
	hwleiks; cf. L. qualis. Who, and Like, a., and cf. Such.]
	
	1. Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who. [Obs.]
	And which they weren and of what degree. Chaucer.
	
	2. A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively,
	and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an
	individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is
	it which woman was it which is the house he asked which route he
	should take; which is best, to live or to die See the Note under
	What, pron., 1.
	Which of you convinceth me of sin John viii. 46.
	
	3. A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun
	or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or
	implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally
	involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It
	is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons.
	And when thou fail'st -- as God forbid the hour! --Must Edward fall,
	which peril heaven forfend! Shak.
	God . . . rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had
	made. Gen. ii. 2.
	Our Father, which art in heaven. Matt. vi. 9.
	The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. 1 Cor. iii. 17.
	
	4. A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one
	which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the
	like; as, take which you will.
	
	Note: The which was formerly often used for which. The expressions
	which that, which as, were also sometimes used by way of emphasis.
	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called
	James ii. 7.
	
	Note: Which, referring to a series of preceding sentences, or members
	of a sentence, may have all joined to it adjectively. "All which, as
	a method of a proclamation, is very convenient." Carlyle.
	
	WHICHEVER; WHICHSOEVER
	Which*ev"er, Which`so*ev"er, pron. & a.
	
	Defn: Whether one or another; whether one or the other; which; that
	one (of two or more) which; as, whichever road you take, it will lead
	you to town.
	
	WHIDAH BIRD
	Whid"ah bird`, (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Any one of several species of finchlike birds belonging to the
	genus Vidua, native of Asia and Africa. In the breeding season the
	male has very long, drooping tail feathers. Called also vida finch,
	whidah finch, whydah bird, whydah finch, widow bird, and widow finch.
	
	Note: Some of the species are often kept as cage birds, especially
	Vidua paradisea, which is dark brownish above, pale buff beneath,
	with a reddish collar around the neck.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  not
	NOT
	Not. Etym: [Contr. from ne wot. See 2d Note.]
	
	Defn: Wot not; know not; knows not. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	NOT
	Not, a.
	
	Defn: Shorn; shaven. [Obs.] See Nott.
	
	NOT
	Not, adv. Etym: [OE. not, noht, nought, naught, the same word as E.
	naught. See Naught.]
	
	Defn: A word used to express negation, prohibition, denial, or
	refusal.
	Not one word spake he more than was need. Chaucer.
	Thou shalt not steal. Ex. xx. 15.
	Thine eyes are upon me, and I am not. Job vii. 8.
	The question is, may I do it, or may I not do it Bp. Sanderson.
	Not . . . but, or Not but, only. [Obs. or Colloq.] Chaucer.
	

Look up word:  also
	ALSO
	Al"so, adv. & conj. Etym: [All + so. OE. al so, AS. ealswa, alsw,
	ælswæ; eal, al, æl, all + swa so. See All, So, As.]
	
	1. In like manner; likewise. [Obs.]
	
	2. In addition; besides; as well; further; too.
	Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven . . . for where your
	treasure is, there will your heart be also. Matt. vi. 20.
	
	3. Even as; as; so. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Also, Likewise, Too. These words are used by way of transition,
	in leaving one thought and passing to another. Also is the widest
	term. It denotes that what follows is all so, or entirely like that
	which preceded, or may be affirmed with the same truth; as, "If you
	were there, I was there also;" "If our situation has some
	discomforts, it has also many sources of enjoyment." Too is simply
	less formal and pointed than also; it marks the transition with a
	lighter touch; as, "I was there too;" "a courtier yet a patriot too."
	Pope. Likewise denotes literally "in like manner," and hence has been
	thought by some to be more specific than also. "It implies," says
	Whately, "some connection or agreement between the words it unites.
	We may say, ` He is a poet, and likewise a musician; ' but we should
	not say, ` He is a prince, and likewise a musician,' because there is
	no natural connection between these qualities." This distinction,
	however, is often disregarded.
	

Look up word:  involved
	INVOLVED
	In*volved", a. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Same as Involute.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  vice
	VICE
	Vice, n. Etym: [F., from L. vitium.]
	
	1. A defect; a fault; an error; a blemish; an imperfection; as, the
	vices of a political constitution; the vices of a horse.
	Withouten vice of syllable or letter. Chaucer.
	Mark the vice of the procedure. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	2. A moral fault or failing; especially, immoral conduct or habit, as
	in the indulgence of degrading appetites; customary deviation in a
	single respect, or in general, from a right standard, implying a
	defect of natural character, or the result of training and habits; a
	harmful custom; immorality; depravity; wickedness; as, a life of
	vice; the vice of intemperance.
	I do confess the vices of my blood. Shak.
	Ungoverned appetite . . . a brutish vice. Milton.
	When vice prevails, and impious men bear sway, The post of honor is a
	private station. Addison.
	
	3. The buffoon of the old English moralities, or moral dramas, having
	the name sometimes of one vice, sometimes of another, or of Vice
	itself; -- called also Iniquity.
	
	Note: This character was grotesquely dressed in a cap with ass's
	ears, and was armed with a dagger of lath: one of his chief
	employments was to make sport with the Devil, leaping on his back,
	and belaboring him with the dagger of lath till he made him roar. The
	Devil, however, always carried him off in the end. Nares.
	How like you the Vice in the play . . . I would not give a rush for a
	Vice that has not a wooden dagger to snap at everybody. B. Jonson.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Crime; sin; iniquity; fault. See Crime.
	
	VICE
	Vice, n. Etym: [See Vise.]
	
	1. (Mech.)
	
	Defn: A kind of instrument for holding work, as in filing. Same as
	Vise.
	
	2. A tool for drawing lead into cames, or flat grooved rods, for
	casements. [Written also vise.]
	
	3. A gripe or grasp. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	VICE
	Vice, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Viced; p. pr. & vb. n. Vicing.]
	
	Defn: To hold or squeeze with a vice, or as if with a vice. Shak.
	The coachman's hand was viced between his upper and lower thigh. De
	Quincey.
	
	VICE
	Vi"ce, prep. Etym: [L., abl. of vicis change, turn. See Vicarious.]
	
	Defn: In the place of; in the stead; as, A. B. was appointed
	postmaster vice C. D. resigned.
	
	VICE
	Vice, a. Etym: [Cf. F. vice-. See Vice, prep.]
	
	Defn: Denoting one who in certain cases may assume the office or
	duties of a superior; designating an officer or an office that is
	second in rank or authority; as, vice president; vice agent; vice
	consul, etc. Vice admiral. Etym: [Cf. F. vice-amiral.] (a) An officer
	holding rank next below an admiral. By the existing laws, the rank of
	admiral and vice admiral in the United States Navy will cease at the
	death of the present incumbents. (b) A civil officer, in Great
	Britain, appointed by the lords commissioners of the admiralty for
	exercising admiralty jurisdiction within their respective districts.
	 -- Vice admiralty, the office of a vice admiral.
	 -- Vice-admiralty court, a court with admiralty jurisdiction,
	established by authority of Parliament in British possessions beyond
	the seas. Abbott.
	 -- Vice chamberlain, an officer in court next in rank to the lord
	chamberlain. [Eng.] -- Vice chancellor. (a) (Law) An officer next in
	rank to a chancellor. (b) An officer in a university, chosen to
	perform certain duties, as the conferring of degrees, in the absence
	of the chancellor. (c) (R. C. Ch.) The cardinal at the head of the
	Roman Chancery.
	 -- Vice consul Etym: [cf. F. vice-consul], a subordinate officer,
	authorized to exercise consular functions in some particular part of
	a district controlled by a consul.
	 -- Vice king, one who acts in the place of a king; a viceroy.
	 -- Vice legate Etym: [cf. F. vice-légat], a legate second in rank
	to, or acting in place of, another legate.
	 -- Vice presidency, the office of vice president.
	 -- Vice president Etym: [cf. F. vice-président], an officer next in
	rank below a president.
	

Look up word:  versa
	Word not found
	VERSA

Look up word:  ABBBA
	Word not found
	ABBBA

Look up word:  NEWWORDD
	Word not found
	NEWWORDD

Look up word:  NEWWORD
	Word not found
	NEWWORD

Look up word:  mountebank
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, n. Etym: [It. montimbanco, montambanco; montare to
	mount + in in, upon + banco bench. See Mount, and 4th Bank.]
	
	1. One who mounts a bench or stage in the market or other public
	place, boasts of his skill in curing diseases, and vends medicines
	which he pretends are infalliable remedies; a quack doctor.
	Such is the weakness and easy credulity of men, that a mountebank ...
	is preferred before an able physician. Whitlock.
	
	2. Any boastful or false pretender; a charlatan; a quack.
	Nothing so impossible in nature but mountebanks will undertake.
	Arbuthnot.
	
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, v. t.
	
	Defn: To cheat by boasting and false pretenses; to gull. [R.] Shak.
	
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, v. i.
	
	Defn: To play the mountebank.
	

Look up word:  AntioxidantAfter
	Word not found
	ANTIOXIDANTAFTER

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  signatures
	Word not found
	SIGNATURES

Look up word:  are
	ARE
	Are. Etym: [AS. (Northumbrian) aron, akin to the 1st pers. pl. forms,
	Icel. erum, Goth. sijum, L. sumus, Gr. smas; all from a root as. Am
	and Is, and cf. Be.]
	
	Defn: The present indicative plural of the substantive verb to be;
	but etymologically a different word from be, or was. Am, art, are,
	and is, all come from the root as.
	
	ARE
	Are, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. area. See Area.] (Metric system)
	
	Defn: The unit of superficial measure, being a square of which each
	side is ten meters in length; 100 square meters, or about 119.6
	square yards.
	

Look up word:  folded
	Word not found
	FOLDED

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  gathered
	Word not found
	GATHERED

Look up word:  they
	THEY
	They, pron. pl.; poss. Theirs; obj. Them. Etym: [Icel. þeir they,
	properly nom. pl. masc. of sa, su, þat, a demonstrative pronoun, akin
	to the English definite article, AS. se, seó, edhæt, nom. pl. edha.
	See That.]
	
	Defn: The plural of he, she, or it. They is never used adjectively,
	but always as a pronoun proper, and sometimes refers to persons
	without an antecedent expressed.
	Jolif and glad they went unto here [their] rest And casten hem [them]
	full early for to sail. Chaucer.
	They of Italy salute you. Heb. xiii. 24.
	Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness.
	Matt. v. 6.
	
	Note: They is used indefinitely, as our ancestors used man, and as
	the French use on; as, they say (French on dit), that is, it is said
	by persons not specified.
	

Look up word:  move
	MOVE
	Move, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Moved; p. pr. & vb. n. Moving.] Etym: [OE.
	moven, OF. moveir, F. mouvoir, L. movere; cf. Gr. miv, p.p. muta, to
	move, push. Cf. Emotion, Mew to molt, Mob, Mutable, Mutiny.]
	
	1. To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in
	motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another; to
	impel; to stir; as, the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a
	carriage.
	
	2. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to
	another, according to the rules of the game; as, to move a king.
	
	3. To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by
	representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.
	Minds desirous of revenge were not moved with gold. Knolles.
	No female arts his mind could move. Dryden.
	
	4. To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to
	tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite, as an
	emotion. Shak.
	When he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them.
	Matt. ix. 36.
	[The use of images] in orations and poetry is to move pity or terror.
	Felton.
	
	5. To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for
	consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to
	submit, as a resolution to be adopted; as, to move to adjourn.
	Let me but move one question to your daughter. Shak.
	They are to be blamed alike who move and who decline war upon
	particular respects. Hayward.
	
	6. To apply to, as for aid. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To stir; agitate; trouble; affect; persuade; influence; actuate;
	impel; rouse; prompt; instigate; incite; induce; incline; propose;
	offer.
	
	MOVE
	Move, v. i.
	
	1. To change place or posture; to stir; to go, in any manner, from
	one place or position to another; as, a ship moves rapidly.
	The foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken, because he
	was wroth. Ps. xviii. 7.
	On the green bank I sat and listened long, ... Nor till her lay was
	ended could I move. Dryden.
	
	2. To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as, to move in a
	matter.
	
	3. To change residence; to remove, as from one house, town, or state,
	to another.
	
	4. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of
	the game.
	
	MOVE
	Move, n.
	
	1. The act of moving; a movement.
	
	2. (Chess, Checkers, etc.)
	
	Defn: The act of moving one of the pieces, from one position to
	another, in the progress of the game.
	
	3. An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of
	a plan or purpose. To make a move. (a) To take some action. (b) To
	move a piece, as in a game.
	 -- To be on the move, to bustle or stir about. [Colloq.]
	

Look up word:  into
	INTO
	In"to, prep. Etym: [In + to.]
	
	Defn: To the inside of; within. It is used in a variety of
	applications.
	
	1. Expressing entrance, or a passing from the outside of a thing to
	its interior parts; -- following verbs expressing motion; as, come
	into the house; go into the church; one stream falls or runs into
	another; water enters into the fine vessels of plants.
	
	2. Expressing penetration beyond the outside or surface, or access to
	the inside, or contents; as, to look into a letter or book; to look
	into an apartment.
	
	3. Indicating insertion; as, to infuse more spirit or animation into
	a composition.
	
	4. Denoting inclusion; as, put these ideas into other words.
	
	5. Indicating the passing of a thing from one form, condition, or
	state to another; as, compound substances may be resolved into others
	which are more simple; ice is convertible into water, and water into
	vapor; men are more easily drawn than forced into compliance; we may
	reduce many distinct substances into one mass; men are led by
	evidence into belief of truth, and are often enticed into the
	commission of crimes'into; she burst into tears; children are
	sometimes frightened into fits; all persons are liable to be seduced
	into error and folly.
	
	Note: Compare In.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  bindery
	BINDERY
	Bind"er*y, n.
	
	Defn: A place where books, or other articles, are bound; a
	bookbinder's establishment.
	

Look up word:  In
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  middle
	MIDDLE
	Mid"dle, a. Etym: [OE. middel, AS. middel; akin to D. middel, OHG.
	muttil, G. mittel. Mid, a.]
	
	1. Equally distant from the extreme either of a number of things or
	of one thing; mean; medial; as, the middle house in a row; a middle
	rank or station in life; flowers of middle summer; men of middle age.
	
	2. Intermediate; intervening.
	Will, seeking good, finds many middle ends. Sir J. Davies.
	
	Note: Middle is sometimes used in the formation of selfexplaining
	compounds; as, middle-sized, middle-witted. Middle Ages, the period
	of time intervening between the decline of the Roman Empire and the
	revival of letters. Hallam regards it as beginning with the sixth and
	ending with the fifteenth century.
	 -- Middle class, in England, people who have an intermediate
	position between the aristocracy and the artisan class. It includes
	professional men, bankers, merchants, and small landed proprietors
	The middle-class electorate of Great Britain. M. Arnold.
	-- Middle distance. (Paint.) See Middle-ground.
	 -- Middle English. See English, n., 2.
	 -- Middle Kingdom, China.
	 -- Middle oil (Chem.), that part of the distillate obtained from
	coal tar which passes over between 170º and 230º Centigrade; --
	distinguished from the light, and the heavy or dead, oil.
	 -- Middle passage, in the slave trade, that part of the Atlantic
	Ocean between Africa and the West Indies.
	 -- Middle post. (Arch.) Same as King-post.
	 -- Middle States, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware;
	which, at the time of the formation of the Union, occupied a middle
	position between the Eastern States (or New England) and the Southern
	States. [U.S.] -- Middle term (Logic), that term of a syllogism with
	which the two extremes are separately compared, and by means of which
	they are brought together in the conclusion. Brande.
	 -- Middle tint (Paint.), a subdued or neutral tint. Fairholt.
	 -- Middle voice. (Gram.) See under Voice.
	 -- Middle watch, the period from midnight to four A. M.; also, the
	men on watch during that time. Ham. Nav. Encyc.
	 -- Middle weight, a pugilist, boxer, or wrestler classed as of
	medium weight, i. e., over 140 and not over 160 lbs., in distinction
	from those classed as light weights, heavy weights, etc.
	
	MIDDLE
	Mid"dle, n. Etym: [AS. middel. See Middle, a.]
	
	Defn: The point or part equally distant from the extremities or
	exterior limits, as of a line, a surface, or a solid; an intervening
	point or part in space, time, or order of series; the midst; central
	portion; specif., the waist. Chaucer. "The middle of the land." Judg.
	ix. 37.
	In this, as in most questions of state, there is a middle. Burke.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Midst.
	
	MIDDLE-AGE
	Mid"dle-age`, Etym: [Middle + age. Cf. Mediæval.]
	
	Defn: Of or pertaining to the Middle Ages; mediæval.
	
	MIDDLE-AGED
	Mid"dle-aged`, a.
	
	Defn: Being about the middle of the ordinary age of man; between 30
	and 50 years old.
	
	MIDDLE-EARTH
	Mid"dle-earth`, n.
	
	Defn: The world, considered as lying between heaven and hell. [Obs.]
	Shak.
	
	MIDDLE-GROUND
	Mid"dle-ground`, n. (Paint.)
	
	Defn: That part of a picture between the foreground and the
	background.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  last
	LAST
	Last, 3d pers. sing. pres.
	
	Defn: of Last, to endure, contracted from lasteth. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	LAST
	Last (, a. Etym: [OE. last, latst, contr. of latest, superl. of late;
	akin to OS. lezt, lazt, last, D. laatst, G. letzt. See Late, and cf.
	Latest.]
	
	1. Being after all the others, similarly classed or considered, in
	time, place, or order of succession; following all the rest; final;
	hindmost; farthest; as, the last year of a century; the last man in a
	line of soldiers; the last page in a book; his last chance.
	Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the
	book of the law of God. Neh. viii. 18.
	Fairest of stars, last in the train of night. Milton.
	
	2. Next before the present; as, I saw him last week.
	
	3. Supreme; highest in degree; utmost.
	Contending for principles of the last importance. R. Hall
	.
	
	4. Lowest in rank or degree; as, the last prize. Pope.
	
	5. Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition;
	most unlikely; having least fitness; as, he is the last person to be
	accused of theft.
	
	At last, at the end of a certain period; after delay. "The duke of
	Savoy felt that the time had at last arrived." Motley.
	 -- At the last. Etym: [Prob. fr. AS. on laste behind, following
	behind, fr. last race, track, footstep. See Last mold of the foot.]
	At the end; in the conclusion. [Obs.] "Gad, a troop shall overcome
	him; but he shall overcome at the last." Gen. xlix. 19.
	 -- Last heir, the person to whom lands escheat for want of an heir.
	[Eng.] Abbott.
	 -- On one's last legs, at, or near, the end of one's resources;
	hence, on the verge of failure or ruin, especially in a financial
	sense. [Colloq.] -- To breathe one's last, to die.
	 -- To the last, to the end; till the conclusion.
	And blunder on in business to the last. Pope.
	
	Syn.
	 -- At Last, At Length. These phrases both denote that some delayed
	end or result has been reached. At length implies that a long period
	was spent in so doing; as, after a voyage of more than three months,
	we at Length arrived safe. At last commonly implies that something
	has occurred (as interruptions, disappointments, etc.) which leads us
	to emphasize the idea of having reached the end; as, in spite of
	every obstacle, we have at last arrived.
	
	LAST
	Last, adv. Etym: [See Last, a.]
	
	1. At a time or on an occasion which is the latest of all those
	spoken of or which have occurred; the last time; as, I saw him last
	in New York.
	
	2. In conclusion; finally.lastly
	Pleased with his idol, he commends, admires, Adores; and, last, the
	thing adored desires. Dryden.
	
	3. At a time next preceding the present time.
	How long is't now since last yourself and I Were in a mask Shak.
	
	LAST
	Last, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Lasted; p. pr. & vb. n. Lasting.] Etym:
	[OE. lasten, As. læstan to perform, execute, follow, last, continue,
	fr. last, l, trace, footstep, course; akin to G. leisten to perform,
	Goth. laistjan to follow. See Last mold of the foot.]
	
	1. To continue in time; to endure; to remain in existence.
	[I] proffered me to be slave in all that she me would ordain while my
	life lasted. Testament of Love.
	
	2. To endure use, or continue in existence, without impairment or
	exhaustion; as, this cloth lasts better than that; the fuel will last
	through the winter.
	
	LAST
	Last, n. Etym: [AS. lasttrace, track, footstep; akin to D. leest a
	last, G. leisten, Sw. läst, Dan. læst, Icel. leistr the foot below
	the ankle, Goth. laists track, way; from a root signifying, to go.
	Cf. Last, v. i., Learn, Delirium.]
	
	Defn: A wooden block shaped like the human foot, on which boots and
	shoes are formed.
	The cobbler is not to go beyond his last. L'Estrange.
	Darning last, a smooth, hard body, often egg-shaped, put into a
	stocking to preserve its shape in darning.
	
	LAST
	Last, v. t.
	
	Defn: To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place
	smoothly on a last; as, to last a boot.
	
	LAST
	Last, n. Etym: [As. hlæst, fr. hladan to lade; akin to OHG. hlast,
	G., D., Dan., & Sw. last: cf. F. laste, last, a last, of German or
	Dutch origin. See Lade.]
	
	1. A load; a heavy burden; hence, a certain weight or measure,
	generally estimated at 4,000 lbs., but varying for different articles
	and in different countries. In England, a last of codfish, white
	herrings, meal, or ashes, is twelve barrels; a last of corn, ten
	quarters, or eighty bushels, in some parts of England, twenty-one
	quarters; of gunpowder, twenty-four barrels, each containing 100 lbs;
	of red herrings, twenty cades, or 20,000; of hides, twelve dozen; of
	leather, twenty dickers; of pitch and tar, fourteen barrels; of wool,
	twelve sacks; of flax or feathers, 1,700 lbs.
	
	2. The burden of a ship; a cargo.
	

Look up word:  century
	CENTURY
	Cen"tu*ry, n.; pl. Centuries. Etym: [L. centuria (in senses 1 & 3),
	fr. centum a hundred: cf. F. centurie. See Cent.]
	
	1. A hundred; as, a century of sonnets; an aggregate of a hundred
	things. [Archaic.]
	And on it said a century of prayers. Shak.
	
	2. A period of a hundred years; as, this event took place over two
	centuries ago.
	
	Note: Century, in the reckoning of time, although often used in a
	general way of any series of hundred consecutive years (as, a century
	of temperance work), usually signifies a division of the Christian
	era, consisting of a period of one hundred years ending with the
	hundredth year from which it is named; as, the first century (a. d.
	1-100 inclusive); the seventh century (a.d. 601-700); the eighteenth
	century (a.d. 1701-1800). With words or phrases connecting it with
	some other system of chronology it is used of similar division of
	those eras; as, the first century of Rome (A.U.C. 1-100).
	
	3. (Rom. Antiq.)
	(a) A division of the Roman people formed according to their
	property, for the purpose of voting for civil officers.
	(b) One of sixty companies into which a legion of the army was
	divided. It was Commanded by a centurion. Century plant (Bot.), the
	Agave Americana, formerly supposed to flower but once in a century; -
	- hence the name. See Agave.
	 -- The Magdeburg Centuries, an ecclesiastical history of the first
	thirteen centuries, arranged in thirteen volumes, compiled in the
	16th century by Protestant scholars at Magdeburg.
	

Look up word:  there
	THERE
	There, adv. Etym: [OE. ther, AS. th\'d6r; akin to D. daar, G. da,
	OHG. dar, Sw. & Dan. der, Icel. & Goth. Þar, Skr. tarhi then, and E.
	that. *184. See That, pron.]
	
	1. In or at that place. "[They] there left me and my man, both bound
	together." Shak.
	The Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the
	man whom he had formed. Ge. ii. 8.
	
	Note: In distinction from here, there usually signifies a place
	farther off. "Darkness there might well seem twilight here." Milton.
	
	2. In that matter, relation, etc.; at that point, stage, etc.,
	regarded as a distinct place; as, he did not stop there, but
	continued his speech.
	The law that theaten'd death becomes thy friend And turns it to
	exile; there art thou happy. Shak.
	
	3. To or into that place; thither.
	The rarest that e'er came there. Shak.
	
	Note: There is sometimes used by way of exclamation, calling the
	attention to something, especially to something distant; as, there,
	there! see there! look there! There is often used as an expletive,
	and in this use, when it introduces a sentence or clause, the verb
	precedes its subject.
	A knight there was, and that a worthy man. Chaucer.
	There is a path which no fowl knoweth. Job xxviii. 7.
	Wherever there is a sense or perception, there some idea is actually
	produced. Locke.
	There have been that have delivered themselves from their ills by
	their good fortune or virtue. Suckling.
	
	Note: There is much used in composition, and often has the sense of a
	pronoun. See Thereabout, Thereafter, Therefrom, etc.
	
	Note: There was formerly used in the sense of where.
	Spend their good there it is reasonable. Chaucer.
	Here and there, in one place and another.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Thither.
	
	THEREABOUT; THEREABOUTS
	There"a*bout`, There"a*bouts`, adv. Etym: [The latter spelling is
	less proper, but more commonly used.]
	
	1. Near that place.
	
	2. Near that number, degree, or quantity; nearly; as, ten men, or
	thereabouts.
	Five or six thousand horse . . . or thereabouts. Shak.
	Some three months since, or thereabout. Suckling.
	
	3. Concerning that; about that. [R.]
	What will ye dine I will go thereabout. Chaucer.
	They were much perplexed thereabout. Luke xxiv. 4.
	

Look up word:  were
	WERE
	Were, v. t. & i.
	
	Defn: To wear. See 3d Wear. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	WERE
	Were, n.
	
	Defn: A weir. See Weir. [Obs.] Chaucer. Sir P. Sidney.
	
	WERE
	Were, v. t. Etym: [AS. werian.]
	
	Defn: To guard; to protect. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	WERE
	Were. Etym: [AS. wre (thou) wast, w (we, you, they) were, w imp.
	subj. See Was.]
	
	Defn: The imperfect indicative plural, and imperfect subjunctive
	singular and plural, of the verb be. See Be.
	
	WERE
	Were, n. Etym: [AS. wer; akin to OS. & OHG. wer, Goth. waír, L. vir,
	Skr. vira. Cf. Weregild, and Werewolf.]
	
	1. A man. [Obs.]
	
	2. A fine for slaying a man; the money value set upon a man's life;
	weregild. [Obs.]
	Every man was valued at a certain sum, which was called his were.
	Bosworth.
	

Look up word:  still
	STILL
	Still, a. [Compar. Stiller; superl. Stillest.] Etym: [OE. stille, AS.
	stille; akin to D. stil, OS. & OHG. stilli, G. still, Dan. stille,
	Sw. stilla, and to E. stall; from the idea of coming to a stand, or
	halt. Cf. Still, adv.]
	
	1. Motionless; at rest; quiet; as, to stand still; to lie or sit
	still. "Still as any stone." Chaucer.
	
	2. Uttering no sound; silent; as, the audience is still; the animals
	are still.
	The sea that roared at thy command, At thy command was still.
	Addison.
	
	3. Not disturbed by noise or agitation; quiet; calm; as, a still
	evening; a still atmosphere. "When all the woods are still." Milton.
	
	4. Comparatively quiet or silent; soft; gentle; low. "A still small
	voice." 1 Kings xix. 12.
	
	5. Constant; continual. [Obs.]
	By still practice learn to know thy meaning. Shak.
	
	6. Not effervescing; not sparkling; as, still wines. Still life.
	(Fine Arts) (a) Inanimate objects. (b) (Painting) The class or style
	of painting which represents inanimate objects, as fruit, flowers,
	dead game, etc.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Quiet; calm; noiseless; serene; motionless; inert; stagnant.
	
	STILL
	Still, n. Etym: [Cf. G. stille.]
	
	1. Freedom from noise; calm; silence; as, the still of midnight.
	[Poetic]
	
	2. A steep hill or ascent. [Obs.] W. Browne.
	
	STILL
	Still, adv. Etym: [AS. stille quietly. See Still, a. The modern
	senses come from the idea of stopping and staying still, or
	motionless.]
	
	1. To this time; until and during the time now present; now no less
	than before; yet.
	It hath been anciently reported, and is still received. Bacon.
	
	2. In the future as now and before.
	Hourly joys be still upon you! Shak.
	
	3. In continuation by successive or repeated acts; always; ever;
	constantly; uniformly.
	The desire of fame betrays an ambitious man into indecencies that
	lessen his reputation; he is still afraid lest any of his actions
	should be thrown away in private. Addison.
	Chemists would be rich if they could still do in great quantities
	what they have sometimes done in little. Boyle.
	
	4. In an increasing or additional degree; even more; -- much used
	with comparatives.
	The guilt being great, the fear doth still exceed. Shak.
	
	5. Notwithstanding what has been said or done; in spite of what has
	occured; nevertheless; -- sometimes used as a conjunction. See
	Synonym of But.
	As sunshine, broken in the rill, Though turned astray, is sunshine
	still. Moore.
	
	6. After that; after what is stated.
	In the primitive church, such as by fear being compelled to sacrifice
	to strange gods, after repented, and kept still the office of
	preaching the gospel. Whitgift.
	Still and anon, at intervals and repeatedly; continually; ever and
	anon; now and then.
	And like the watchful minutes to the hour, Still and anon cheered up
	the heavy time. Shak.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stilled; p. pr. & vb. n. Stilling.] Etym:
	[AS. stillan, from stille still, quiet, firm. See Still, a.]
	
	1. To stop, as motion or agitation; to cause to become quiet, or
	comparatively quiet; to check the agitation of; as, to still the
	raging sea.
	He having a full sway over the water, had power to still and compose
	it, as well as to move and disturb it. Woodward.
	
	2. To stop, as noise; to silence.
	With his name the mothers still their babies. Shak.
	
	3. To appease; to calm; to quiet, as tumult, agitation, or
	excitement; as, to still the passions. Shak.
	Toil that would, at least, have stilled an unquiet impulse in me.
	Hawthorne.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To quiet; calm; allay; lull; pacify; appease; subdue; suppress;
	silence; stop; check; restrain.
	
	STILL
	Still, n. Etym: [Cf. OE. stillatorie. See Still, v., to distill.]
	
	1. A vessel, boiler, or copper used in the distillation of liquids;
	specifically, one used for the distillation of alcoholic liquors; a
	retort. The name is sometimes applied to the whole apparatus used in
	in vaporization and condensation.
	
	2. A house where liquors are distilled; a distillery. Still watcher,
	a device for indicating the progress of distillation by the density
	of the liquid given over. Knight.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. t. Etym: [Abbreviated fr. distill.]
	
	1. To cause to fall by drops.
	
	2. To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a
	refrigeratory; to distill. Tusser.
	
	STILL
	Still, v. i. Etym: [L. stillare. Cf. Distill.]
	
	Defn: To drop, or flow in drops; to distill. [Obs.] Spenser.
	

Look up word:  many
	MANY
	Ma"ny, n. Etym: [See Meine, Mansion.]
	
	Defn: A retinue of servants; a household. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	MANY
	Ma"ny, a. or pron.
	
	Note: [It has no variation to express degrees of comparison; more and
	most, which are used for the comparative and superlative degrees, are
	from a different root.] Etym: [OE. mani, moni, AS. manig, mænig,
	monig; akin to D. menig, OS. & OHG. manag, G. manch, Dan. mange, Sw.
	månge, Goth. manags, OSlav. mnog', Russ. mnogii; cf. Icel. margr,
	Prov. E. mort. sq. root103.]
	
	Defn: Consisting of a great number; numerous; not few.
	Thou shalt be a father of many nations. Gen. xvii. 4.
	Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble,
	are called. 1 Cor. i. 26.
	
	Note: Many is freely prefixed to participles, forming compounds which
	need no special explanation; as, many-angled, many-celled, many-eyed,
	many-footed, many-handed, many-leaved, many-lettered, many-named,
	many-peopled, many-petaled, many-seeded, many-syllabled
	(polysyllabic), many-tongued, many-voiced, many-wived, and the like.
	Comparison is often expressed by many with as or so. "As many as were
	willing hearted . . . brought bracelets." Exod. xxxv. 22. "So many
	laws argue so many sins." Milton. Many stands with a singular
	substantive with a or an. Many a, a large number taken
	distributively; each one of many. "For thy sake have I shed many a
	tear." Shak. "Full many a gem of purest ray serene." Gray.
	 -- Many one, many a one; many persons. BK. of Com. Prayer.
	 -- The many, the majority; -- opposed to the few. See Many, n.
	 -- Too many, too numerous; hence, too powerful; as, they are too
	many for us. L'Estrange.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Numerous; multiplied; frequent; manifold; various; divers;
	sundry.
	
	MANY
	Ma"ny, n. Etym: [AS. menigeo, menigo, menio, multitude; akin to G.
	menge, OHG. managi, menigi, Goth. managei. See Many, a.]
	
	1. The populace; the common people; the majority of people, or of a
	community.
	After him the rascal many ran. Spenser.
	
	2. A large or considerable number.
	A many of our bodies shall no doubt Find native graves. Shak.
	Seeing a great many in rich gowns. Addison.
	It will be concluded by manythat he lived like an honest man.
	Fielding.
	
	Note: In this sense, many is connected immediately with another
	substantive (without of) to show of what the many consists; as, a
	good many [of] people think so.
	He is liable to a great many inconveniences. Tillotson.
	
	MANY-MINDED
	Ma"ny-mind`ed, a.
	
	Defn: Having many faculties; versatile; many-sided.
	

Look up word:  trade
	TRADE
	Trade, n. Etym: [Formerly, a path, OE. tred a footmark. See Tread, n.
	& v.]
	
	1. A track; a trail; a way; a path; also, passage; travel; resort.
	[Obs.]
	A postern with a blind wicket there was, A common trade to pass
	through Priam's house. Surrey.
	Hath tracted forth some salvage beastes trade. Spenser.
	Or, I'll be buried in the king's highway, Some way of common trade,
	where subjects' feet May hourly trample on their sovereign's head.
	Shak.
	
	2. Course; custom; practice; occupation; employment. [Obs.] "The
	right trade of religion." Udall.
	There those five sisters had continual trade. Spenser.
	Long did I love this lady, Long was my travel, long my trade to win
	her. Massinger.
	Thy sin's not accidental but a trade. Shak.
	
	3. Business of any kind; matter of mutual consideration; affair;
	dealing. [Obs.]
	Have you any further trade with us Shak.
	
	4. Specifically: The act or business of exchanging commodities by
	barter, or by buying and selling for money; commerce; traffic;
	barter.
	
	Note: Trade comprehends every species of exchange or dealing, either
	in the produce of land, in manufactures, in bills, or in money; but
	it is chiefly used to denote the barter or purchase and sale of
	goods, wares, and merchandise, either by wholesale or retail. Trade
	is either foreign or domestic. Foreign trade consists in the
	exportation and importation of goods, or the exchange of the
	commodities of different countries. Domestic, or home, trade is the
	exchange, or buying and selling, of goods within a country. Trade is
	also by the wholesale, that is, by the package or in large
	quantities, generally to be sold again, or it is by retail, or in
	small parcels. The carrying trade is the business of transporting
	commodities from one country to another, or between places in the
	same country, by land or water.
	
	5. The business which a person has learned, and which he engages in,
	for procuring subsistence, or for profit; occupation; especially,
	mechanical employment as distinguished from the liberal arts, the
	learned professions, and agriculture; as, we speak of the trade of a
	smith, of a carpenter, or mason, but not now of the trade of a
	farmer, or a lawyer, or a physician.
	Accursed usury was all his trade. Spenser.
	The homely, slighted, shepherd's trade. Milton.
	I will instruct thee in my trade. Shak.
	
	6. Instruments of any occupation. [Obs.]
	The house and household goods, his trade of war. Dryden.
	
	7. A company of men engaged in the same occupation; thus, booksellers
	and publishers speak of the customs of the trade, and are
	collectively designated as the trade.
	
	8. pl.
	
	Defn: The trade winds.
	
	9. Refuse or rubbish from a mine. [Prov. Eng.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Profession; occupation; office; calling; avocation; employment;
	commerce; dealing; traffic. Board of trade. See under Board.
	 -- Trade dollar. See under Dollar.
	 -- Trade price, the price at which goods are sold to members of the
	same trade, or by wholesale dealers to retailers. Trade sale, an
	auction by and for the trade, especially that of the booksellers.
	 -- Trade wind, a wind in the torrid zone, and often a little beyond
	at, which blows from the same quarter throughout the year, except
	when affected by local causes; -- so called because of its usefulness
	to navigators, and hence to trade.
	
	Note: The general direction of the trade winds is from N. E. to S. W.
	on the north side of the equator, and from S. E. to N. W. on the
	south side of the equator. They are produced by the joint effect of
	the rotation of the earth and the movement of the air from the polar
	toward the equatorial regions, to supply the vacancy caused by
	heating, rarefaction, and consequent ascent of the air in the latter
	regions. The trade winds are principally limited to two belts in the
	tropical regions, one on each side of the equator, and separated by a
	belt which is characterized by calms or variable weather.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Traded; p. pr. & vb. n. Trading.]
	
	1. To barter, or to buy and sell; to be engaged in the exchange,
	purchase, or sale of goods, wares, merchandise, or anything else; to
	traffic; to bargain; to carry on commerce as a business.
	A free port, where nations . . . resorted with their goods and
	traded. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. To buy and sell or exchange property in a single instance.
	
	3. To have dealings; to be concerned or associated; -- usually
	followed by with.
	How did you dare to trade and traffic with Macbeth Shak.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, v. t.
	
	Defn: To sell or exchange in commerce; to barter.
	They traded the persons of men. Ezek. xxvii. 13.
	To dicker and to swop, to trade rifles and watches. Cooper.
	
	TRADE
	Trade, obs.
	
	Defn: imp. of Tread.
	

Look up word:  binders
	Word not found
	BINDERS

Look up word:  standalone
	Word not found
	STANDALONE

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  companies
	Word not found
	COMPANIES

Look up word:  which
	WHICH
	Which, pron. Etym: [OE. which, whilk, AS. hwilc, hwylc, hwelc, from
	the root of hwa who + lic body; hence properly, of what sort or kind;
	akin to OS. hwilik which, OFries. hwelik, D. welk, G. welch, OHG.
	welih, hwelih, Icel. hvilikr, Dan. & Sw. hvilken, Goth. hwileiks,
	hwleiks; cf. L. qualis. Who, and Like, a., and cf. Such.]
	
	1. Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who. [Obs.]
	And which they weren and of what degree. Chaucer.
	
	2. A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively,
	and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an
	individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is
	it which woman was it which is the house he asked which route he
	should take; which is best, to live or to die See the Note under
	What, pron., 1.
	Which of you convinceth me of sin John viii. 46.
	
	3. A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun
	or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or
	implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally
	involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It
	is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons.
	And when thou fail'st -- as God forbid the hour! --Must Edward fall,
	which peril heaven forfend! Shak.
	God . . . rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had
	made. Gen. ii. 2.
	Our Father, which art in heaven. Matt. vi. 9.
	The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. 1 Cor. iii. 17.
	
	4. A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one
	which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the
	like; as, take which you will.
	
	Note: The which was formerly often used for which. The expressions
	which that, which as, were also sometimes used by way of emphasis.
	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called
	James ii. 7.
	
	Note: Which, referring to a series of preceding sentences, or members
	of a sentence, may have all joined to it adjectively. "All which, as
	a method of a proclamation, is very convenient." Carlyle.
	
	WHICHEVER; WHICHSOEVER
	Which*ev"er, Which`so*ev"er, pron. & a.
	
	Defn: Whether one or another; whether one or the other; which; that
	one (of two or more) which; as, whichever road you take, it will lead
	you to town.
	
	WHIDAH BIRD
	Whid"ah bird`, (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Any one of several species of finchlike birds belonging to the
	genus Vidua, native of Asia and Africa. In the breeding season the
	male has very long, drooping tail feathers. Called also vida finch,
	whidah finch, whydah bird, whydah finch, widow bird, and widow finch.
	
	Note: Some of the species are often kept as cage birds, especially
	Vidua paradisea, which is dark brownish above, pale buff beneath,
	with a reddish collar around the neck.
	

Look up word:  did
	DID
	Did, imp.
	
	Defn: of Do.
	
	DIDACTIC; DIDACTICAL
	Di*dac"tic, Di*dac"tic*al, a. Etym: [Gr. docere to teach: cf. F.
	didactique. See Docile.]
	
	Defn: Fitted or intended to teach; conveying instruction; preceptive;
	instructive; teaching some moral lesson; as, didactic essays.
	"Didactical writings." Jer. Taylor.
	The finest didactic poem in any language. Macaulay.
	

Look up word:  no
	NO
	No, a. Etym: [OE. no, non, the same word as E. none; cf. E. a, an.
	See None.]
	
	Defn: Not any; not one; none.
	Let there be no strife ... between me and thee. Gen. xiii. 8.
	That goodness is no name, and happiness no dream. Byron.
	
	Note: In Old England before a vowel the form non or noon was used.
	"No man." "Noon apothercary." Chaucer.
	
	NO
	No, adv. Etym: [OE. no, na, AS. na; ne not + a ever. AS. ne is akin
	to OHG. ni, Goth. ni, Russ. ne, Ir., Gael. & W. ni, L. ne, gr. nh (in
	comp.), Skr. na, and also to E. prefix un-. sq. root 193. See Aye,
	and cf. Nay, Not, Nice, Nefarious.]
	
	Defn: Nay; not; not at all; not in any respect or degree; -- a word
	expressing negation, denial, or refusal. Before or after another
	negative, no is emphatic.
	We do no otherwise than we are willed. Shak.
	I am perplx'd and doubtful whether or no I dare accept this your
	congratulation. Coleridge.
	There is none righteous, no, not one. Rom. iii. 10.
	No! Nay, Heaven forbid. Coleridge.
	
	NO
	No, n.; pl. Noes (.
	
	1. A refusal by use of the wordd no; a denial.
	
	2. A negative vote; one who votes in the negative; as, to call for
	the ayes and noes; the noes have it.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  specializing
	Word not found
	SPECIALIZING

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  alone
	ALONE
	A*lone", a. Etym: [All + one. OE. al one all allone, AS. an one,
	alone. See All, One, Lone.]
	
	1. Quite by one's self; apart from, or exclusive of, others; single;
	solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.
	Alone on a wide, wide sea. Coleridge.
	It is not good that the man should be alone. Gen. ii. 18.
	
	2. Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one
	else; without a sharer; only.
	Man shall not live by bread alone. Luke iv. 4.
	The citizens alone should be at the expense. Franklin.
	
	3. Sole; only; exclusive. [R.]
	God, by whose alone power and conversation we all live, and move, and
	have our being. Bentley.
	
	4. Hence; Unique; rare; matchless. Shak.
	
	Note: The adjective alone commonly follows its noun. To let or leave
	alone, to abstain from interfering with or molesting; to suffer to
	remain in its present state.
	
	ALONE
	A*lone", adv.
	
	Defn: Solely; simply; exclusively.
	

Look up word:  At
	AT
	At, prep. Etym: [AS. æt; akin to OHG. az, Goth., OS., & Icel. at, Sw.
	åt, Dan. & L. ad.]
	
	Defn: Primarily, this word expresses the relations of presence,
	nearness in place or time, or direction toward; as, at the ninth
	hour; at the house; to aim at a mark. It is less definite than in or
	on; at the house may be in or near the house. From this original
	import are derived all the various uses of at. It expresses: -
	
	1. A relation of proximity to, or of presence in or on, something;
	as, at the door; at your shop; at home; at school; at hand; at sea
	and on land.
	
	2. The relation of some state or condition; as, at war; at peace; at
	ease; at your service; at fault; at liberty; at risk; at
	disadvantage.
	
	3. The relation of some employment or action; occupied with; as, at
	engraving; at husbandry; at play; at work; at meat (eating); except
	at puns.
	
	4. The relation of a point or position in a series, or of degree,
	rate, or value; as, with the thermometer at 80º; goods sold at a
	cheap price; a country estimated at 10,000 square miles; life is
	short at the longest.
	
	5. The relations of time, age, or order; as, at ten o'clock; at
	twenty-one; at once; at first.
	
	6. The relations of source, occasion, reason, consequence, or effect;
	as, at the sight; at this news; merry at anything; at this
	declaration; at his command; to demand, require, receive, deserve,
	endure at your hands.
	
	7. Relation of direction toward an object or end; as, look at it; to
	point at one; to aim at a mark; to throw, strike, shoot, wink, mock,
	laugh at any one. At all, At home, At large, At last, At length, At
	once, etc. See under All, Home, Large, Last (phrase and syn.),
	Length, Once, etc.
	 -- At it, busily or actively engaged.
	 -- At least. See Least and However.
	 -- At one. See At one, in the Vocabulary.
	
	Syn.
	 -- In, At. When reference to the interior of any place is made
	prominent in is used. It is used before the names of countries and
	cities (esp. large cities); as, we live in America, in New York, in
	the South. At is commonly employed before names of houses,
	institutions, villages, and small places; as, Milton was educated at
	Christ's College; money taken in at the Customhouse; I saw him at the
	jeweler's; we live at Beachville. At may be used before the name of a
	city when it is regarded as a mere point of locality. "An English
	king was crowned at Paris." Macaulay. "Jean Jacques Rousseau was born
	at Geneva, June, 28, 1712." J. Morley. In regard to time, we say at
	the hour, on the day, in the year; as, at 9 o'clock, on the morning
	of July 5th, in the year 1775.
	

Look up word:  that
	THAT
	That, pron., a., conj., & adv. Etym: [AS. th\'91t, neuter nom. & acc.
	sing. of the article (originally a demonstrative pronoun). The nom.
	masc. se, and the nom. fem. seó are from a different root. AS.
	th\'91t is akin to D. dat, G. das, OHG. daz, Sw. & Dan. det, Icel.
	Þat (masc. sa, fem. so), Goth. Þata (masc. sa, fem. so), Gr. tat (for
	tad, masc. sas, fem. sa); cf. L. istud that. *184. Cf. The, Their,
	They, Them, This, Than, Since.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out,
	or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to
	be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to
	which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the
	basket are good apples.
	The early fame of Gratian was equal to that of the most celebrated
	princes. Gibbon.
	
	Note: That may refer to an entire sentence or paragraph, and not
	merely to a word. It usually follows, but sometimes precedes, the
	sentence referred to.
	That be far from thee, to do after this manner, to slay the righteous
	with the wicked. Gen. xviii. 25.
	And when Moses heard that, he was content. Lev. x. 20.
	I will know your business, Harry, that I will. Shak.
	
	Note: That is often used in opposition to this, or by way of
	distinction, and in such cases this, like the Latin hic and French
	ceci, generally refers to that which is nearer, and that, like Latin
	ille and French cela, to that which is more remote. When they refer
	to foreign words or phrases, this generally refers to the latter, and
	that to the former.
	Two principles in human nature reign; Self-love, to urge, and Reason,
	to restrain; Nor this a good, nor that a bad we call. Pope.
	If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this or that. James iv. 16.
	
	2. As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun.
	It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of
	judgment, than for that city. Matt. x. 15.
	The woman was made whole from that hour. Matt. ix. 22.
	
	Note: That was formerly sometimes used with the force of the article
	the, especially in the phrases that one, that other, which were
	subsequently corrupted into th'tone, th'tother (now written t'other).
	Upon a day out riden knightes two . . . That one of them came home,
	that other not. Chaucer.
	
	3. As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving
	to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or
	alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural.
	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame. Prov. ix. 7.
	A judgment that is equal and impartial must incline to the greater
	probabilities. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	Note: If the relative clause simply conveys an additional idea, and
	is not properly explanatory or restrictive, who or which (rarely
	that) is employed; as, the king that (or who) rules well is generally
	popular; Victoria, who (not that) rules well, enjoys the confidence
	of her subjects. Ambiguity may in some cases be avoided in the use of
	that (which is restrictive) instead of who or which, likely to be
	understood in a coördinating sense. Bain. That was formerly used for
	that which, as what is now; but such use is now archaic.
	We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen. John iii.
	11.
	That I have done it is thyself to wite [blame]. Chaucer.
	That, as a relative pronoun, cannot be governed by a preposition
	preceding it, but may be governed by one at the end of the sentence
	which it commences.
	The ship that somebody was sailing in. Sir W. Scott.
	In Old English, that was often used with the demonstratives he, his,
	him, etc., and the two together had the force of a relative pronoun;
	thus, that he = who; that his = whose; that him = whom.
	I saw to-day a corpse yborn to church That now on Monday last I saw
	him wirche [work]. Chaucer.
	Formerly, that was used, where we now commonly use which, as a
	relative pronoun with the demonstrative pronoun that as its
	antecedent.
	That that dieth, let it die; and that that is to cut off, let it be
	cut off. Zech. xi. 9.
	
	4. As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a
	demonstrative pronoun. It is used, specifically: --
	(a) To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding
	verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb.
	She tells them 't is a causeless fantasy, And childish error, that
	they are afraid. Shak.
	I have shewed before, that a mere possibility to the contrary, can by
	no means hinder a thing from being highly credible. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	(b) To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in
	that, for the reason that, because.
	He does hear me; And that he does, I weep. Shak.
	
	(c) To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and
	frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc.
	These things I say, that ye might be saved. John v. 34.
	To the end that he may prolong his days. Deut. xvii. 20.
	
	(d) To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually
	preceded by so or such, sometimes by that.
	The birds their notes renew, and bleating herds Attest their joy,
	that hill and valley rings. Milton.
	He gazed so long That both his eyes were dazzled. Tennyson.
	(e) To introduce a clause denoting time; -- equivalent to in which
	time, at which time, when.
	So wept Duessa until eventide, That shining lamps in Jove's high
	course were lit. Spenser.
	Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice
	Shak.
	
	(f) In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence
	expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like.
	Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knight and I
	have seen! Shak.
	O God, that right should thus overcome might! Shak.
	
	Note: That was formerly added to other conjunctions or to adverbs to
	make them emphatic.
	To try if that our own be ours or no. Shak.
	That is sometimes used to connect a clause with a preceding
	conjunction on which it depends.
	When he had carried Rome and that we looked For no less spoil than
	glory. Shak.
	
	5. As adverb: To such a degree; so; as, he was that frightened he
	could say nothing. [Archaic or in illiteral use.] All that,
	everything of that kind; all that sort.
	With singing, laughing, ogling, and all that. Pope.
	The rank is but the guinea's stamp, The man's the gowd [gold] for
	a'that. Burns.
	-- For that. See under For, prep.
	 -- In that. See under In, prep.
	

Look up word:  time
	TIME
	Time, n.; pl. Times. Etym: [OE. time, AS. tima, akin to tid time, and
	to Icel. timi, Dan. time an hour, Sw. timme. *58. See Tide, n.]
	
	1. Duration, considered independently of any system of measurement or
	any employment of terms which designate limited portions thereof.
	The time wasteth [i. e. passes away] night and day. Chaucer.
	I know of no ideas . . . that have a better claim to be accounted
	simple and original than those of space and time. Reid.
	
	2. A particular period or part of duration, whether past, present, or
	future; a point or portion of duration; as, the time was, or has
	been; the time is, or will be.
	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past
	unto the fathers by the prophets. Heb. i. 1.
	
	3. The period at which any definite event occurred, or person lived;
	age; period; era; as, the Spanish Armada was destroyed in the time of
	Queen Elizabeth; -- often in the plural; as, ancient times; modern
	times.
	
	4. The duration of one's life; the hours and days which a person has
	at his disposal.
	Believe me, your time is not your own; it belongs to God, to
	religion, to mankind. Buckminster.
	
	5. A proper time; a season; an opportunity.
	There is . . . a time to every purpose. Eccl. iii. 1.
	The time of figs was not yet. Mark xi. 13.
	
	6. Hour of travail, delivery, or parturition.
	She was within one month of her time. Clarendon.
	
	7. Performance or occurrence of an action or event, considered with
	reference to repetition; addition of a number to itself; repetition;
	as, to double cloth four times; four times four, or sixteen.
	Summers three times eight save one. Milton.
	
	8. The present life; existence in this world as contrasted with
	immortal life; definite, as contrasted with infinite, duration.
	Till time and sin together cease. Keble.
	
	9. (Gram.)
	
	Defn: Tense.
	
	10. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The measured duration of sounds; measure; tempo; rate of
	movement; rhythmical division; as, common or triple time; the
	musician keeps good time.
	Some few lines set unto a solemn time. Beau. & Fl.
	
	Note: Time is often used in the formation of compounds, mostly self-
	explaining; as, time-battered, time-beguiling, time-consecrated,
	time-consuming, time-enduring, time-killing, time-sanctioned, time-
	scorner, time-wasting, time-worn, etc. Absolute time, time
	irrespective of local standards or epochs; as, all spectators see a
	lunar eclipse at the same instant of absolute time.
	 -- Apparent time, the time of day reckoned by the sun, or so that 12
	o'clock at the place is the instant of the transit of the sun's
	center over the meridian.
	 -- Astronomical time, mean solar time reckoned by counting the hours
	continuously up to twenty-four from one noon to the next.
	 -- At times, at distinct intervals of duration; now and then; as, at
	times he reads, at other times he rides.
	 -- Civil time, time as reckoned for the purposes of common life in
	distinct periods, as years, months, days, hours, etc., the latter,
	among most modern nations, being divided into two series of twelve
	each, and reckoned, the first series from midnight to noon, the
	second, from noon to midnight.
	 -- Common time (Mil.), the ordinary time of marching, in which
	ninety steps, each twenty-eight inches in length, are taken in one
	minute.
	 -- Equation of time. See under Equation, n.
	 -- In time. (a) In good season; sufficiently early; as, he arrived
	in time to see the exhibition. (b) After a considerable space of
	duration; eventually; finally; as, you will in time recover your
	health and strength.
	 -- Mean time. See under 4th Mean.
	 -- Quick time (Mil.), time of marching, in which one hundred and
	twenty steps, each thirty inches in length, are taken in one minute.
	 -- Sidereal time. See under Sidereal.
	 -- Standard time, the civil time that has been established by law or
	by general usage over a region or country. In England the standard
	time is Greenwich mean solar time. In the United States and Canada
	four kinds of standard time have been adopted by the railroads and
	accepted by the people, viz., Eastern, Central, Mountain, and Pacific
	time, corresponding severally to the mean local times of the 75th,
	90th, 105th, and 120th meridians west from Greenwich, and being
	therefore five, six, seven, and eight hours slower than Greenwich
	time.
	 -- Time ball, a ball arranged to drop from the summit of a pole, to
	indicate true midday time, as at Greenwich Observatory, England.
	Nichol.
	 -- Time bargain (Com.), a contract made for the sale or purchase of
	merchandise, or of stock in the public funds, at a certain time in
	the future.
	 -- Time bill. Same as Time-table. [Eng.] -- Time book, a book in
	which is kept a record of the time persons have worked.
	 -- Time detector, a timepiece provided with a device for registering
	and indicating the exact time when a watchman visits certain stations
	in his beat.
	 -- Time enough, in season; early enough. "Stanly at Bosworth field,
	. . . came time enough to save his life." Bacon.
	 -- Time fuse, a fuse, as for an explosive projectile, which can be
	so arranged as to ignite the charge at a certain definite interval
	after being itself ignited.
	 -- Time immemorial, or Time out of mind. (Eng. Law) See under
	Immemorial.
	 -- Time lock, a lock having clockwork attached, which, when wound
	up, prevents the bolt from being withdrawn when locked, until a
	certain interval of time has elapsed.
	 -- Time of day, salutation appropriate to the times of the day, as
	"good morning," "good evening," and the like; greeting.
	 -- To kill time. See under Kill, v. t.
	 -- To make time. (a) To gain time. (b) To occupy or use (a certain)
	time in doing something; as, the trotting horse made fast time.
	 -- To move, run, or go, against time, to move, run, or go a given
	distance without a competitor, in the quickest possible time; or, to
	accomplish the greatest distance which can be passed over in a given
	time; as, the horse is to run against time.
	 -- True time. (a) Mean time as kept by a clock going uniformly. (b)
	(Astron.) Apparent time as reckoned from the transit of the sun's
	center over the meridian.
	
	TIME
	Time, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Timed; p. pr. & vb. n. Timing.]
	
	1. To appoint the time for; to bring, begin, or perform at the proper
	season or time; as, he timed his appearance rightly.
	There is no greater wisdom than well to time the beginnings and
	onsets of things. Bacon.
	
	2. To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of
	movement.
	Who overlooked the oars, and timed the stroke. Addison.
	He was a thing of blood, whose every motion Was timed with dying
	cries. Shak.
	
	3. To ascertain or record the time, duration, or rate of; as, to time
	the speed of horses, or hours for workmen.
	
	4. To measure, as in music or harmony.
	
	TIME
	Time, v. i.
	
	1. To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time.
	With oar strokes timing to their song. Whittier.
	
	2. To pass time; to delay. [Obs.]
	

Look up word:  because
	BECAUSE
	Be*cause", conj. Etym: [OE. bycause; by + cause.]
	
	1. By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason
	that. Milton.
	
	2. In order that; that. [Obs.]
	And the multitude rebuked them because they should hold their peace.
	Matt. xx. 31.
	Because of, by reason of, on account of. [Prep. phrase.]
	Because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of
	disobedience. Eph. v. 6.
	
	Syn, -- Because, For, Since, As, Inasmuch As. These particles are
	used, in certain connections, to assign the reason of a thing, or
	that "on account of" which it is or takes place. Because (by cause)
	is the strongest and most emphatic; as, I hid myself because I was
	afraid. For is not quite so strong; as, in Shakespeare, "I hate him,
	for he is a Christian." Since is less formal and more incidental than
	because; as, I will do it since you request me. It more commonly
	begins a sentence; as, Since your decision is made, I will say no
	more. As is still more incidental than since, and points to some
	existing fact by way of assigning a reason. Thus we say, as I knew
	him to be out of town, I did not call. Inasmuch as seems to carry
	with it a kind of qualification which does not belong to the rest.
	Thus, if we say, I am ready to accept your proposal, inasmuch as I
	believe it is the best you can offer, we mean, it is only with this
	understanding that we can accept it.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  dominance
	Word not found
	DOMINANCE

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  letterpress
	LETTERPRESS
	Let"ter*press", n.
	
	Defn: Print; letters and words impressed on paper or other material
	by types; -- often used of the reading matter in distinction from the
	illustrations.
	Letterpress printing, printing directly from type, in distinction
	from printing from plates.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  took
	TOOK
	Took,
	
	Defn: imp. of Take.
	

Look up word:  place
	PLACE
	Place, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. platea a street, an area, a courtyard,
	from Gr. platei^a a street, properly fem. of platy`s, flat, broad;
	akin to Skr. prsthu, Lith. platus. Cf. Flawn, Piazza, Plate, Plaza.]
	
	1. Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all
	other space, or appropriated to some definite object or use;
	position; ground; site; spot; rarely, unbounded space.
	Here is the place appointed. Shak.
	What place can be for us Within heaven's bound Milton.
	The word place has sometimes a more confused sense, and stands for
	that space which any body takes up; and so the universe is a place.
	Locke.
	
	2. A broad way in a city; an open space; an area; a court or short
	part of a street open only at one end. "Hangman boys in the market
	place." Shak.
	
	3. A position which is occupied and held; a dwelling; a mansion; a
	village, town, or city; a fortified town or post; a stronghold; a
	region or country.
	Are you native of this place Shak.
	
	4. Rank; degree; grade; order of priority, advancement, dignity, or
	importance; especially, social rank or position; condition; also,
	official station; occupation; calling. "The enervating magic of
	place." Hawthorne.
	Men in great place are thrice servants. Bacon.
	I know my place as I would they should do theirs. Shak.
	
	5. Vacated or relinquished space; room; stead (the departure or
	removal of another being or thing being implied). "In place of Lord
	Bassanio." Shak.
	
	6. A definite position or passage of a document.
	The place of the scripture which he read was this. Acts viii. 32.
	
	7. Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding; as, he said
	in the first place.
	
	8. Reception; effect; -- implying the making room for.
	My word hath no place in you. John viii. 37.
	
	9. (Astron.)
	
	Defn: Position in the heavens, as of a heavenly body; -- usually
	defined by its right ascension and declination, or by its latitude
	and longitude. Place of arms (Mil.), a place calculated for the
	rendezvous of men in arms, etc., as a fort which affords a safe
	retreat for hospitals, magazines, etc. Wilhelm.
	 -- High place (Script.), a mount on which sacrifices were offered.
	"Him that offereth in the high place." Jer. xlviii. 35.
	 -- In place, in proper position; timely.
	 -- Out of place, inappropriate; ill-timed; as, his remarks were out
	of place.
	 -- Place kick (Football), the act of kicking the ball after it has
	been placed on the ground.
	 -- Place name, the name of a place or locality. London Academy.
	 -- To give place, to make room; to yield; to give way; to give
	advantage. "Neither give place to the devil." Eph. iv. 27. "Let all
	the rest give place." Shak.
	 -- To have place, to have a station, room, or seat; as, such desires
	can have no place in a good heart.
	 -- To take place. (a) To come to pass; to occur; as, the ceremony
	will not take place. (b) To take precedence or priority. Addison. (c)
	To take effect; to prevail. "If your doctrine takes place." Berkeley.
	"But none of these excuses would take place." Spenser.
	 -- To take the place of, to be substituted for.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Situation; seat; abode; position; locality; location; site; spot;
	office; employment; charge; function; trust; ground; room; stead.
	
	PLACE
	Place, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Placed; p. pr. & vb. n. Placing.] Etym:
	[Cf. F. placer. See Place, n.]
	
	1. To assign a place to; to put in a particular spot or place, or in
	a certain relative position; to direct to a particular place; to fix;
	to settle; to locate; as, to place a book on a shelf; to place balls
	in tennis.
	Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown. Shak.
	
	2. To put or set in a particular rank, office, or position; to
	surround with particular circumstances or relations in life; to
	appoint to certain station or condition of life; as, in whatever
	sphere one is placed.
	Place such over them to be rulers. Ex. xviii. 21.
	
	3. To put out at interest; to invest; to loan; as, to place money in
	a bank.
	
	4. To set; to fix; to repose; as, to place confidence in a friend.
	"My resolution 's placed." Shak.
	
	5. To attribute; to ascribe; to set down.
	Place it for her chief virtue. Shak.
	To place (a person), to identify him. [Colloq. U.S.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Put.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  one
	ONE
	One, a. Etym: [OE. one, on, an, AS. än; akin to D. een, OS. ën,
	OFries. ën, än, G. ein, Dan. een, Sw. en, Icel. einn, Goth. ains, W.
	un, Ir. & Gael. aon, L. unus, earlier oinos, oenos, Gr. ëka. The same
	word as the indefinite article a, an. sq. root 299. Cf. 2d A, 1st An,
	Alone, Anon, Any, None, Nonce, Only, Onion, Unit.]
	
	1. Being a single unit, or entire being or thing, and no more; not
	multifold; single; individual.
	The dream of Pharaoh is one. Gen. xli. 25.
	O that we now had here But one ten thousand of those men in England.
	Shak.
	
	2. Denoting a person or thing conceived or spoken of indefinitely; a
	certain. "I am the sister of one Claudio" [Shak.], that is, of a
	certain man named Claudio.
	
	3. Pointing out a contrast, or denoting a particular thing or person
	different from some other specified; -- used as a correlative
	adjective, with or without the.
	From the one side of heaven unto the other. Deut. iv. 32.
	
	4. Closely bound together; undivided; united; constituting a whole.
	The church is therefore one, though the members may be many. Bp.
	Pearson
	
	5. Single in kind; the same; a common.
	One plague was on you all, and on your lords. 1 Sam. vi. 4.
	
	6. Single; inmarried. [Obs.]
	Men may counsel a woman to be one. Chaucer.
	
	Note: One is often used in forming compound words, the meaning of
	which is obvious; as, one-armed, one-celled, one-eyed, one-handed,
	one-hearted, one-horned, one-idead, one-leaved, one-masted, one-
	ribbed, one-story, one-syllable, one-stringed, one-winged, etc. All
	one, of the same or equal nature, or consequence; as, he says that it
	is all one what course you take. Shak.
	 -- One day. (a) On a certain day, not definitely specified,
	referring to time past.
	One day when Phoebe fair, With all her band, was following the chase.
	Spenser.
	(b) Referring to future time: At some uncertain day or period; some
	day.
	Well, I will marry one day. Shak.
	
	ONE
	One, n.
	
	1. A single unit; as, one is the base of all numbers.
	
	2. A symbol representing a unit, as 1, or i.
	
	3. A single person or thing. "The shining ones." Bunyan. "Hence, with
	your little ones." Shak.
	He will hate the one, and love the other. Matt. vi. 24.
	That we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left
	hand, in thy glory. Mark x. 37.
	After one, after one fashion; alike. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- At one, in agreement or concord. See At one, in the Vocab.
	 -- Ever in one, continually; perpetually; always. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- In one, in union; in a single whole.
	 -- One and one, One by one, singly; one at a time; one after
	another."Raising one by one the suppliant crew." Dryden.
	
	ONE
	One, indef. pron.
	
	Defn: Any person, indefinitely; a person or body; as, what one would
	have well done, one should do one's self.
	It was well worth one's while. Hawthorne.
	Against this sort of condemnation one must steel one's self as one
	best can. G. Eliot.
	
	Note: One is often used with some, any, no, each, every, such, a,
	many a, another, the other, etc. It is sometimes joined with another,
	to denote a reciprocal relation.
	When any one heareth the word. Matt. xiii. 19.
	She knew every one who was any one in the land of Bohemia. Compton
	Reade.
	The Peloponnesians and the Athenians fought against one another.
	Jowett (Thucyd. ).
	The gentry received one another. Thackeray.
	
	ONE
	One, v. t.
	
	Defn: To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to
	unite; to assimilite. [Obs.]
	The rich folk that embraced and oned all their heart to treasure of
	the world. Chaucer.
	

Look up word:  location
	LOCATION
	Lo*ca"tion, n. Etym: [L. locatio, fr. locare.]
	
	1. The act or process of locating.
	
	2. Situation; place; locality. Locke.
	
	3. That which is located; a tract of land designated in place. [U.S.]
	
	4. (Law)
	(a) (Civil Law) A leasing on rent.
	(b) (Scots Law) A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a
	person, for hire. Wharton. (c) (Amer. Law)
	
	Defn: The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or
	site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an
	entry, plan, map, etc. Burrill. Bouvier.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  binding
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, a.
	
	Defn: That binds; obligatory. Binding beam (Arch.), the main timber
	in double flooring.
	 -- Binding joist (Arch.), the secondary timber in double-framed
	flooring.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Obligatory; restraining; restrictive; stringent; astringent;
	costive; styptic.
	
	BINDING
	Bind"ing, n.
	
	1. The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
	
	2. Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover
	with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from
	raveling.
	
	3. pl. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers
	used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  different
	DIFFERENT
	Dif"fer*ent, a. Etym: [L. differens, -entis, p. pr. of differre: cf.
	F. différent.]
	
	1. Distinct; separate; not the same; other. "Five different
	churches." Addison.
	
	2. Of various or contrary nature, form, or quality; partially or
	totally unlike; dissimilar; as, different kinds of food or drink;
	different states of health; different shapes; different degrees of
	excellence.
	Men are as different from each other, as the regions in which they
	are born are different. Dryden.
	
	Note: Different is properly followed by from. Different to, for
	different from, is a common English colloquialism. Different than is
	quite inadmissible.
	

Look up word:  factory
	FACTORY
	Fac"to*ry, n.; pl. Factories (-r. Etym: [Cf. F. factorerie.]
	
	1. A house or place where factors, or commercial agents, reside, to
	transact business for their employers. "The Company's factory at
	Madras." Burke.
	
	2. The body of factors in any place; as, a chaplain to a British
	factory. W. Guthrie.
	
	3. A building, or collection of buildings, appropriated to the
	manufacture of goods; the place where workmen are employed in
	fabricating goods, wares, or utensils; a manufactory; as, a cotton
	factory. Factory leg (Med.), a variety of bandy leg, associated with
	partial dislocation of the tibia, produced in young children by
	working in factories.
	

Look up word:  When
	WHEN
	When, adv. Etym: [OE. when, whan, whenne, whanne, AS. hwænne, hwanne,
	hwonne; akin to OS. hwan, OD. wan, OHG. wanne, G. wann when, wenn if,
	when, Goth. hwan when, and to E. who. Who.]
	
	1. At what time; -- used interrogatively.
	When shall these things be Matt. xxiv. 3.
	
	Note: See the Note under What, pron., 1.
	
	2. At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just
	after, the moment that; -- used relatively.
	Kings may Take their advantage when and how they list. Daniel.
	Book lore ne'er served, when trial came, Nor gifts, when faith was
	dead. J. H. Newman.
	
	3. While; whereas; although; -- used in the manner of a conjunction
	to introduce a dependent adverbial sentence or clause, having a
	causal, conditional, or adversative relation to the principal
	proposition; as, he chose to turn highwayman when he might have
	continued an honest man; he removed the tree when it was the best in
	the grounds.
	
	4. Which time; then; -- used elliptically as a noun.
	I was adopted heir by his consent; Since when, his oath is broke.
	Shak.
	
	Note: When was formerly used as an exclamation of surprise or
	impatience, like what!
	Come hither; mend my ruff: Here, when! thou art such a tedious lady!
	J. Webster.
	When as, When that, at the time that; when. [Obs.]
	When as sacred light began to dawn. Milton.
	When that mine eye is famished for a look. Shak.
	

Look up word:  type
	TYPE
	Type, n. Etym: [F. type; cf. It. tipo, from L. typus a figure, image,
	a form, type, character, Gr. tup to hurt.]
	
	1. The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign;
	emblem.
	The faith they have in tennis, and tall stockings, Short blistered
	breeches, and those types of travel. Shak.
	
	2. Form or character impressed; style; semblance.
	Thy father bears the type of king of Naples. Shak.
	
	3. A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign;
	a symbol; -- correlative to antitype.
	A type is no longer a type when the thing typified comes to be
	actually exhibited. South.
	
	4. That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the
	representative. Specifically: (a) (Biol.)
	
	Defn: A general form or structure common to a number of individuals;
	hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group,
	combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant
	possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a
	species, genus, or other group. Also, a group or division of animals
	having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body
	maintained within the group.
	Since the time of Cuvier and Baer . . . the whole animal kingdom has
	been universally held to be divisible into a small number of main
	divisions or types. Haeckel.
	(b) (Fine Arts)
	
	Defn: The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or
	conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on
	the face of a medal or a coin.
	(c) (Chem.) A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which
	other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from
	which they may be actually or theoretically derived.
	
	Note: The fundamental types used to express the simplest and most
	essential chemical relations are hydrochloric acid, HCl; water, H2O;
	ammonia, NH3; and methane, CH4.
	
	5. (Typog.)
	(a) A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in
	metal or cut in wood, used in printing.
	(b) Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of
	them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of
	such letters or characters, however disposed.
	
	Note: Type are mostly made by casting type metal in a mold, though
	some of the larger sizes are made from maple, mahogany, or boxwood.
	In the cut, a is the body; b, the face, or part from which the
	impression is taken; c, the shoulder, or top of the body; d, the nick
	(sometimes two or more are made), designed to assist the compositor
	in distinguishing the bottom of the face from the top; e, the groove
	made in the process of finishing, -- each type as cast having
	attached to the bottom of the body a jet, or small piece of metal
	(formed by the surplus metal poured into the mold), which, when
	broken off, leaves a roughness that requires to be removed. The fine
	lines at the top and bottom of a letter are technically called
	ceriphs, and when part of the face projects over the body, as in the
	letter f, the projection is called a kern. The type which compose an
	ordinary book font consist of Roman CAPITALS, small capitals, and
	lower-case letters, and Italic CAPITALS and lower-case letters, with
	accompanying figures, points, and reference marks, -- in all about
	two hundred characters. Including the various modern styles of fancy
	type, some three or four hundred varieties of face are made. Besides
	the ordinary Roman and Italic, some of the most important of the
	varieties are --
	Old English. Black Letter. Old Style. French Elzevir. Boldface.
	Antique. Clarendon. Gothic. Typewriter. Script. The smallest body in
	common use is diamond; then follow in order of size, pearl, agate,
	nonpareil, minion, brevier, bourgeois (or two-line diamond), long
	primer (or two-line pearl), small pica (or two-line agate), pica (or
	two-line nonpareil), English (or two-line minion), Columbian (or two-
	line brevier), great primer (two-line bourgeois), paragon (or two-
	line long primer), double small pica (or two-line small pica), double
	pica (or two-line pica), double English (or two-line English), double
	great primer (or two-line great primer), double paragon (or two-line
	paragon), canon (or two-line double pica). Above this, the sizes are
	called five-line pica, six-line pica, seven-line pica, and so on,
	being made mostly of wood. The following alphabets show the different
	sizes up to great primer.
	Brilliant . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Diamond . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Pearl . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Agate . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Nonpareil . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Minion . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Brevier . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Bourgeois . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Long primer . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Small pica . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Pica . . . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz English . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Columbian . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Great primer . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz The foregoing account
	is conformed to the designations made use of by American type
	founders, but is substantially correct for England. Agate, however,
	is called ruby, in England, where, also, a size intermediate between
	nonpareil and minion is employed, called emerald. Point system of
	type bodies (Type Founding), a system adopted by the type founders of
	the United States by which the various sizes of type have been so
	modified and changed that each size bears an exact proportional
	relation to every other size. The system is a modification of a
	French system, and is based on the pica body. This pica body is
	divided into twelfths, which are termed "points," and every type body
	consist of a given number of these points. Many of the type founders
	indicate the new sizes of type by the number of points, and the old
	names are gradually being done away with. By the point system type
	founders cast type of a uniform size and height, whereas formerly
	fonts of pica or other type made by different founders would often
	vary slightly so that they could not be used together. There are no
	type in actual use corresponding to the smaller theoretical sizes of
	the point system. In some cases, as in that of ruby, the term used
	designates a different size from that heretofore so called.
	1 American 9 Bourgeois | | 1| 2 Saxon 10 Long Primer | | 2| 3
	Brilliant 11 Small Pica | | 3| | 4 Excelsior | 4| | 5 Pearl 16
	Columbian | | 5| 6 Nonpareil 18 Great Primer | | 7 Minion | 8 Brevier
	20 Paragon | | Diagram of the "points" by which sizes of Type are
	graduated in the "Point System". Type founder, one who casts or
	manufacture type.
	 -- Type foundry, Type foundery, a place for the manufacture of type.
	 -- Type metal, an alloy used in making type, stereotype plates,
	etc., and in backing up electrotype plates. It consists essentially
	of lead and antimony, often with a little tin, nickel, or copper.
	 -- Type wheel, a wheel having raised letters or characters on its
	periphery, and used in typewriters, printing telegraphs, etc.
	 -- Unity of type (Biol.), that fundamental agreement in structure
	which is seen in organic beings of the same class, and is quite
	independent of their habits of life. Darwin.
	
	TYPE
	Type, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Typed; p. pr. & vb. n. Typing.]
	
	1. To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
	[R.] White (Johnson).
	
	2. To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify. [R.]
	Let us type them now in our own lives. Tennyson.
	

Look up word:  was
	WAS
	Was. Etym: [AS. wæs, 2d pers. wære, 3d pers. wæs, pl. wæron, with the
	inf. wesan to be; akin to D. wezen, imp. was, OHG. wesan, imp. was,
	G. wesen, n., a being, essence, war was, Icel. vera to be, imp. var,
	Goth. wisan to be, to dwell, to remain, imp. was, Skr. vas to remain,
	to dwell. sq. root148. Cf. Vernacular, Wassail, Were, v.]
	
	Defn: The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the
	indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
	

Look up word:  all
	ALL
	All, a. Etym: [OE. al, pl. alle, AS. eal, pl. ealle, Northumbrian
	alle, akin to D. & OHG. al, Ger. all, Icel. allr. Dan. al, Sw. all,
	Goth. alls; and perh. to Ir. and Gael. uile, W. oll.]
	
	1. The whole quantity, extent, duration, amount, quality, or degree
	of; the whole; the whole number of; any whatever; every; as, all the
	wheat; all the land; all the year; all the strength; all happiness;
	all abundance; loss of all power; beyond all doubt; you will see us
	all (or all of us).
	Prove all things: hold fast that which is good. 1 Thess. v. 21.
	
	2. Any. [Obs.] "Without all remedy." Shak.
	
	Note: When the definite article "the," or a possessive or a
	demonstrative pronoun, is joined to the noun that all qualifies, all
	precedes the article or the pronoun; as, all the cattle; all my
	labor; all his wealth; all our families; all your citizens; all their
	property; all other joys.
	
	Note: This word, not only in popular language, but in the Scriptures,
	often signifies, indefinitely, a large portion or number, or a great
	part. Thus, all the cattle in Egypt died, all Judea and all the
	region round about Jordan, all men held John as a prophet, are not to
	be understood in a literal sense, but as including a large part, or
	very great numbers.
	
	3. Only; alone; nothing but.
	I was born to speak all mirth and no matter. Shak.
	All the whole, the whole (emphatically). [Obs.] "All the whole army."
	Shak.
	
	ALL
	All, adv.
	
	1. Wholly; completely; altogether; entirely; quite; very; as, all
	bedewed; my friend is all for amusement. "And cheeks all pale."
	Byron.
	
	Note: In the ancient phrases, all too dear, all too much, all so
	long, etc., this word retains its appropriate sense or becomes
	intensive.
	
	2. Even; just. (Often a mere intensive adjunct.) [Obs. or Poet.]
	All as his straying flock he fed. Spenser.
	A damsel lay deploring All on a rock reclined. Gay.
	All to, or All-to. In such phrases as "all to rent," "all to break,"
	"all-to frozen," etc., which are of frequent occurrence in our old
	authors, the all and the to have commonly been regarded as forming a
	compound adverb, equivalent in meaning to entirely, completely,
	altogether. But the sense of entireness lies wholly in the word all
	(as it does in "all forlorn," and similar expressions), and the to
	properly belongs to the following word, being a kind of intensive
	prefix (orig. meaning asunder and answering to the LG. ter-, HG. zer-
	). It is frequently to be met with in old books, used without the
	all. Thus Wyclif says, "The vail of the temple was to rent:" and of
	Judas, "He was hanged and to-burst the middle:" i. e., burst in two,
	or asunder.
	 -- All along. See under Along.
	 -- All and some, individually and collectively, one and all. [Obs.]
	"Displeased all and some." Fairfax.
	 -- All but. (a) Scarcely; not even. [Obs.] Shak. (b) Almost; nearly.
	"The fine arts were all but proscribed." Macaulay.
	 -- All hollow, entirely, completely; as, to beat any one all hollow.
	[Low] -- All one, the same thing in effect; that is, wholly the same
	thing.
	 -- All over, over the whole extent; thoroughly; wholly; as, she is
	her mother all over. [Colloq.] -- All the better, wholly the better;
	that is, better by the whole difference.
	 -- All the same, nevertheless. "There they [certain phenomena]
	remain rooted all the same, whether we recognize them or not." J. C.
	Shairp. "But Rugby is a very nice place all the same." T. Arnold.
	 -- See also under All, n.
	
	ALL
	All, n.
	
	Defn: The whole number, quantity, or amount; the entire thing;
	everything included or concerned; the aggregate; the whole; totality;
	everything or every person; as, our all is at stake.
	Death, as the Psalmist saith, is certain to all. Shak.
	All that thou seest is mine. Gen. xxxi. 43.
	
	Note: All is used with of, like a partitive; as, all of a thing, all
	of us. After all, after considering everything to the contrary;
	nevertheless.
	 -- All in all, a phrase which signifies all things to a person, or
	everything desired; (also adverbially) wholly; altogether.
	Thou shalt be all in all, and I in thee, Forever. Milton.
	Trust me not at all, or all in all. Tennyson.
	-- All in the wind (Naut.), a phrase denoting that the sails are
	parallel with the course of the wind, so as to shake.
	 -- All told, all counted; in all.
	 -- And all, and the rest; and everything connected. "Bring our crown
	and all." Shak.
	 -- At all. (a) In every respect; wholly; thoroughly. [Obs.] "She is
	a shrew at al(l)." Chaucer. (b) A phrase much used by way of
	enforcement or emphasis, usually in negative or interrogative
	sentences, and signifying in any way or respect; in the least degree
	or to the least extent; in the least; under any circumstances; as, he
	has no ambition at all; has he any property at all "Nothing at all. "
	Shak. "It thy father at all miss me." 1 Sam. xx. 6.
	 -- Over all, everywhere. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	Note: All is much used in composition to enlarge the meaning, or add
	force to a word. In some instances, it is completely incorporated
	into words, and its final consonant is dropped, as in almighty,
	already, always: but, in most instances, it is an adverb prefixed to
	adjectives or participles, but usually with a hyphen, as, all-
	bountiful, all-glorious, allimportant, all-surrounding, etc. In
	others it is an adjective; as, allpower, all-giver. Anciently many
	words, as, alabout, alaground, etc., were compounded with all, which
	are now written separately.
	
	ALL
	All, conj. Etym: [Orig. all, adv., wholly: used with though or if,
	which being dropped before the subjunctive left all as if in the
	sense although.]
	
	Defn: Although; albeit. [Obs.]
	All they were wondrous loth. Spenser.
	
	ALLA BREVE
	Al`la bre"ve. Etym: [It., according to the breve.] (Old Church Music)
	
	Defn: With one breve, or four minims, to measure, and sung faster
	like four crotchets; in quick common time; -- indicated in the time
	signature by
	

Look up word:  metal
	METAL
	Met"al ( or ; 277), n. Etym: [F. métal, L. metallum metal, mine, Gr.
	Mettle, Medal.]
	
	1. (Chem.)
	
	Defn: An elementary substance, as sodium, calcium, or copper, whose
	oxide or hydroxide has basic rather than acid properties, as
	contrasted with the nonmetals, or metalloids. No sharp line can be
	drawn between the metals and nonmetals, and certain elements partake
	of both acid and basic qualities, as chromium, manganese, bismuth,
	etc.
	
	Note: Popularly, the name is applied to certain hard, fusible metals,
	as gold, silver, copper, iron, tin, lead, zinc, nickel, etc., and
	also to the mixed metals, or metallic alloys, as brass, bronze,
	steel, bell metal, etc.
	
	2. Ore from which a metal is derived; -- so called by miners.
	Raymond.
	
	3. A mine from which ores are taken. [Obs.]
	Slaves . . . and persons condemned to metals. Jer. Taylor.
	
	4. The substance of which anything is made; material; hence,
	constitutional disposition; character; temper.
	Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Shak.
	
	5. Courage; spirit; mettle. See Mettle. Shak.
	
	Note: The allusion is to the temper of the metal of a sword blade.
	Skeat.
	
	6. The broken stone used in macadamizing roads and ballasting
	railroads.
	
	7. The effective power or caliber of guns carried by a vessel of war.
	
	8. Glass in a state of fusion. Knight.
	
	9. pl.
	
	Defn: The rails of a railroad. [Eng.] Base metal (Chem.), any one of
	the metals, as iron, lead, etc., which are readily tarnished or
	oxidized, in contrast with the noble metals. In general, a metal of
	small value, as compared with gold or silver.
	 -- Fusible metal (Metal.), a very fusible alloy, usually consisting
	of bismuth with lead, tin, or cadmium.
	 -- Heavy metals (Chem.), the metallic elements not included in the
	groups of the alkalies, alkaline earths, or the earths; specifically,
	the heavy metals, as gold, mercury, platinum, lead, silver, etc.
	 -- Light metals (Chem.), the metallic elements of the alkali and
	alkaline earth groups, as sodium, lithium, calcium, magnesium, etc.;
	also, sometimes, the metals of the earths, as aluminium.
	 -- Muntz metal, an alloy for sheathing and other purposes,
	consisting of about sixty per cent of copper, and forty of zinc.
	Sometimes a little lead is added. It is named from the inventor.
	 -- Prince's metal (Old Chem.), an alloy resembling brass, consisting
	of three parts of copper to one of zinc; -- also called Prince
	Rupert's metal.
	
	METAL
	Met"al, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Metaled ( or ) or Metalled; p. pr. & vb.
	n. Metaling or Metalling.]
	
	Defn: To cover with metal; as, to metal a ship's bottom; to metal a
	road.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  typical
	TYPICAL
	Typ"ic*al, a. Etym: [L. typicus, Gr. typique. See Type.]
	
	1. Of the nature of a type; representing something by a form, model,
	or resemblance; emblematic; prefigurative.
	The Levitical priesthood was only typical of the Christian.
	Atterbury.
	
	2. (Nat. Hist.)
	
	Defn: Combining or exhibiting the essential characteristics of a
	group; as, a typical genus.
	 -- Typ"ic*al*ly, adv.
	 -- Typ"ic*al*ness, n.
	

Look up word:  worth
	WORTH
	Worth, v. i. Etym: [OE. worthen, wurÞen, to become, AS. weorthan;
	akin to OS. werthan, D. worden, G. werden, OHG. werdan, Icel. vertha,
	Sw. varda, Goth. waírpan, L. vertere to turn, Skr. vrt, v. i., to
	turn, to roll, to become. *143. Cf. Verse, -ward, Weird.]
	
	Defn: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases,
	woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in
	the imperative, and the nouns day, man, etc., are in the dative. Woe
	be to the day, woe be to the man, etc., are equivalent phrases.
	I counsel . . . to let the cat worthe. Piers Plowman.
	He worth upon [got upon] his steed gray. Chaucer.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, a. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurE; akin to OFries.
	werth, OS. werth, D. waard, OHG. werd, G. wert, werth, Icel. verthr,
	Sw. värd, Dan. værd, Goth. waírps, and perhaps to E. wary. Cf.
	Stalwart, Ware an article of merchandise, Worship.]
	
	1. Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while. [Obs.]
	It was not worth to make it wise. Chaucer.
	
	2. Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be
	exchanged for.
	A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats. Shak.
	All our doings without charity are nothing worth. Bk. of Com. Prayer.
	If your arguments produce no conviction, they are worth nothing to
	me. Beattie.
	
	3. Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good
	sense.
	To reign is worth ambition, though in hell. Milton.
	This is life indeed, life worth preserving. Addison.
	
	4. Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value
	of.
	At Geneva are merchants reckoned worth twenty hundred crowns.
	Addison.
	Worth while, or Worth the while. See under While, n.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, n. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurth; weorth, wurth,
	adj. See Worth, a.]
	
	1. That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum
	of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value;
	hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent
	in exchange; price.
	What 's worth in anything But so much money as 't will bring
	Hudibras.
	
	2. Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence;
	virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate
	of great worth.
	To be of worth, and worthy estimation. Shak.
	As none but she, who in that court did dwell, Could know such worth,
	or worth describe so well. Waller.
	To think how modest worth neglected lies. Shenstone.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Desert; merit; excellence; price; rate.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  worth
	WORTH
	Worth, v. i. Etym: [OE. worthen, wurÞen, to become, AS. weorthan;
	akin to OS. werthan, D. worden, G. werden, OHG. werdan, Icel. vertha,
	Sw. varda, Goth. waírpan, L. vertere to turn, Skr. vrt, v. i., to
	turn, to roll, to become. *143. Cf. Verse, -ward, Weird.]
	
	Defn: To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases,
	woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in
	the imperative, and the nouns day, man, etc., are in the dative. Woe
	be to the day, woe be to the man, etc., are equivalent phrases.
	I counsel . . . to let the cat worthe. Piers Plowman.
	He worth upon [got upon] his steed gray. Chaucer.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, a. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurE; akin to OFries.
	werth, OS. werth, D. waard, OHG. werd, G. wert, werth, Icel. verthr,
	Sw. värd, Dan. værd, Goth. waírps, and perhaps to E. wary. Cf.
	Stalwart, Ware an article of merchandise, Worship.]
	
	1. Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while. [Obs.]
	It was not worth to make it wise. Chaucer.
	
	2. Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be
	exchanged for.
	A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats. Shak.
	All our doings without charity are nothing worth. Bk. of Com. Prayer.
	If your arguments produce no conviction, they are worth nothing to
	me. Beattie.
	
	3. Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good
	sense.
	To reign is worth ambition, though in hell. Milton.
	This is life indeed, life worth preserving. Addison.
	
	4. Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value
	of.
	At Geneva are merchants reckoned worth twenty hundred crowns.
	Addison.
	Worth while, or Worth the while. See under While, n.
	
	WORTH
	Worth, n. Etym: [OE. worth, wurÞ, AS. weorth, wurth; weorth, wurth,
	adj. See Worth, a.]
	
	1. That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum
	of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value;
	hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent
	in exchange; price.
	What 's worth in anything But so much money as 't will bring
	Hudibras.
	
	2. Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence;
	virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate
	of great worth.
	To be of worth, and worthy estimation. Shak.
	As none but she, who in that court did dwell, Could know such worth,
	or worth describe so well. Waller.
	To think how modest worth neglected lies. Shenstone.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Desert; merit; excellence; price; rate.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  type
	TYPE
	Type, n. Etym: [F. type; cf. It. tipo, from L. typus a figure, image,
	a form, type, character, Gr. tup to hurt.]
	
	1. The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign;
	emblem.
	The faith they have in tennis, and tall stockings, Short blistered
	breeches, and those types of travel. Shak.
	
	2. Form or character impressed; style; semblance.
	Thy father bears the type of king of Naples. Shak.
	
	3. A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign;
	a symbol; -- correlative to antitype.
	A type is no longer a type when the thing typified comes to be
	actually exhibited. South.
	
	4. That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the
	representative. Specifically: (a) (Biol.)
	
	Defn: A general form or structure common to a number of individuals;
	hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group,
	combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant
	possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a
	species, genus, or other group. Also, a group or division of animals
	having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body
	maintained within the group.
	Since the time of Cuvier and Baer . . . the whole animal kingdom has
	been universally held to be divisible into a small number of main
	divisions or types. Haeckel.
	(b) (Fine Arts)
	
	Defn: The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or
	conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on
	the face of a medal or a coin.
	(c) (Chem.) A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which
	other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from
	which they may be actually or theoretically derived.
	
	Note: The fundamental types used to express the simplest and most
	essential chemical relations are hydrochloric acid, HCl; water, H2O;
	ammonia, NH3; and methane, CH4.
	
	5. (Typog.)
	(a) A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in
	metal or cut in wood, used in printing.
	(b) Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of
	them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of
	such letters or characters, however disposed.
	
	Note: Type are mostly made by casting type metal in a mold, though
	some of the larger sizes are made from maple, mahogany, or boxwood.
	In the cut, a is the body; b, the face, or part from which the
	impression is taken; c, the shoulder, or top of the body; d, the nick
	(sometimes two or more are made), designed to assist the compositor
	in distinguishing the bottom of the face from the top; e, the groove
	made in the process of finishing, -- each type as cast having
	attached to the bottom of the body a jet, or small piece of metal
	(formed by the surplus metal poured into the mold), which, when
	broken off, leaves a roughness that requires to be removed. The fine
	lines at the top and bottom of a letter are technically called
	ceriphs, and when part of the face projects over the body, as in the
	letter f, the projection is called a kern. The type which compose an
	ordinary book font consist of Roman CAPITALS, small capitals, and
	lower-case letters, and Italic CAPITALS and lower-case letters, with
	accompanying figures, points, and reference marks, -- in all about
	two hundred characters. Including the various modern styles of fancy
	type, some three or four hundred varieties of face are made. Besides
	the ordinary Roman and Italic, some of the most important of the
	varieties are --
	Old English. Black Letter. Old Style. French Elzevir. Boldface.
	Antique. Clarendon. Gothic. Typewriter. Script. The smallest body in
	common use is diamond; then follow in order of size, pearl, agate,
	nonpareil, minion, brevier, bourgeois (or two-line diamond), long
	primer (or two-line pearl), small pica (or two-line agate), pica (or
	two-line nonpareil), English (or two-line minion), Columbian (or two-
	line brevier), great primer (two-line bourgeois), paragon (or two-
	line long primer), double small pica (or two-line small pica), double
	pica (or two-line pica), double English (or two-line English), double
	great primer (or two-line great primer), double paragon (or two-line
	paragon), canon (or two-line double pica). Above this, the sizes are
	called five-line pica, six-line pica, seven-line pica, and so on,
	being made mostly of wood. The following alphabets show the different
	sizes up to great primer.
	Brilliant . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Diamond . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Pearl . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Agate . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Nonpareil . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Minion . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Brevier . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Bourgeois . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Long primer . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Small pica . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Pica . . . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz English . . .
	abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Columbian . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
	Great primer . . . abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz The foregoing account
	is conformed to the designations made use of by American type
	founders, but is substantially correct for England. Agate, however,
	is called ruby, in England, where, also, a size intermediate between
	nonpareil and minion is employed, called emerald. Point system of
	type bodies (Type Founding), a system adopted by the type founders of
	the United States by which the various sizes of type have been so
	modified and changed that each size bears an exact proportional
	relation to every other size. The system is a modification of a
	French system, and is based on the pica body. This pica body is
	divided into twelfths, which are termed "points," and every type body
	consist of a given number of these points. Many of the type founders
	indicate the new sizes of type by the number of points, and the old
	names are gradually being done away with. By the point system type
	founders cast type of a uniform size and height, whereas formerly
	fonts of pica or other type made by different founders would often
	vary slightly so that they could not be used together. There are no
	type in actual use corresponding to the smaller theoretical sizes of
	the point system. In some cases, as in that of ruby, the term used
	designates a different size from that heretofore so called.
	1 American 9 Bourgeois | | 1| 2 Saxon 10 Long Primer | | 2| 3
	Brilliant 11 Small Pica | | 3| | 4 Excelsior | 4| | 5 Pearl 16
	Columbian | | 5| 6 Nonpareil 18 Great Primer | | 7 Minion | 8 Brevier
	20 Paragon | | Diagram of the "points" by which sizes of Type are
	graduated in the "Point System". Type founder, one who casts or
	manufacture type.
	 -- Type foundry, Type foundery, a place for the manufacture of type.
	 -- Type metal, an alloy used in making type, stereotype plates,
	etc., and in backing up electrotype plates. It consists essentially
	of lead and antimony, often with a little tin, nickel, or copper.
	 -- Type wheel, a wheel having raised letters or characters on its
	periphery, and used in typewriters, printing telegraphs, etc.
	 -- Unity of type (Biol.), that fundamental agreement in structure
	which is seen in organic beings of the same class, and is quite
	independent of their habits of life. Darwin.
	
	TYPE
	Type, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Typed; p. pr. & vb. n. Typing.]
	
	1. To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
	[R.] White (Johnson).
	
	2. To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify. [R.]
	Let us type them now in our own lives. Tennyson.
	

Look up word:  would
	WOULD
	Would, imp. of Will. Etym: [OE. & AS. wolde. See Will, v. t.]
	
	Defn: Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or
	in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will.
	
	Note: Would was formerly used also as the past participle of Will.
	Right as our Lord hath would. Chaucer.
	
	WOULD
	Would, n.
	
	Defn: See 2d Weld.
	
	WOULD-BE
	Would"-be
	
	Defn: ' (as, a would-be poet.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  bulky
	BULKY
	Bulk"y, a.
	
	Defn: Of great bulk or dimensions; of great size; large; thick;
	massive; as, bulky volumes.
	A bulky digest of the revenue laws. Hawthorne.
	

Look up word:  fragile
	FRAGILE
	Frag"ile, a. Etym: [L. fragilis, from frangere to break; cf. F.
	fragile. See Break, v. t., and cf. Frail, a.]
	
	Defn: Easily broken; brittle; frail; delicate; easily destroyed.
	The state of ivy is tough, and not fragile. Bacon.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Brittle; infirm; weak; frail; frangible; slight.
	 -- Frag"ile*ly, adv.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  heavy
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, a.
	
	Defn: Having the heaves.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, a. [Compar. Heavier; superl. Heaviest.] Etym: [OE. hevi, AS.
	hefig, fr. hebban to lift, heave; akin to OHG. hebig, hevig, Icel.
	höfigr, höfugr. See Heave.]
	
	1. Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as, a
	heavy stone; hence, sometimes, large in extent, quantity, or effects;
	as, a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business
	transactions, etc.; often implying strength; as, a heavy barrier;
	also, difficult to move; as, a heavy draught.
	
	2. Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or
	accomplish; hence, grievous, afflictive; as, heavy yokes, expenses,
	undertakings, trials, news, etc.
	The hand of the Lord was heavy upon them of Ashdod. 1 Sam. v. 6.
	The king himself hath a heavy reckoning to make. Shak.
	Sent hither to impart the heavy news. Wordsworth.
	Trust him not in matter of heavy consequence. Shak.
	
	3. Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed
	down, either with an actual burden, or with care, grief, pain,
	disappointment.
	The heavy [sorrowing] nobles all in council were. Chapman.
	A light wife doth make a heavy husband. Shak.
	
	4. Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid;
	as, a heavy gait, looks, manners, style, and the like; a heavy writer
	or book.
	Whilst the heavy plowman snores. Shak.
	Of a heavy, dull, degenerate mind. Dryden.
	Neither [is] his ear heavy, that it can not hear. Is. lix. 1.
	
	5. Strong; violent; forcible; as, a heavy sea, storm, cannonade, and
	the like.
	
	6. Loud; deep; -- said of sound; as, heavy thunder.
	But, hark! that heavy sound breaks in once more. Byron.
	
	7. Dark with clouds, or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky.
	
	8. Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth; as, a heavy
	road, soil, and the like.
	
	9. Not raised or made light; as, heavy bread.
	
	10. Not agreeable to, or suitable for, the stomach; not easily
	digested; -- said of food.
	
	11. Having much body or strength; -- said of wines, or other liquors.
	
	12. With child; pregnant. [R.] Heavy artillery. (Mil.) (a) Guns of
	great weight or large caliber, esp. siege, garrison, and seacoast
	guns. (b) Troops which serve heavy guns.
	 -- Heavy cavalry. See under Cavalry.
	 -- Heavy fire (Mil.), a continuous or destructive cannonading, or
	discharge of small arms.
	 -- Heavy metal (Mil.), large guns carrying balls of a large size;
	also, large balls for such guns.
	 -- Heavy metals. (Chem.) See under Metal.
	 -- Heavy weight, in wrestling, boxing, etc., a term applied to the
	heaviest of the classes into which contestants are divided. Cf.
	Feather weight (c), under Feather.
	
	Note: Heavy is used in composition to form many words which need no
	special explanation; as, heavy-built, heavy-browed, heavy-gaited,
	etc.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y
	
	Defn: , adv. Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition; as, heavy-
	laden.
	
	HEAVY
	Heav"y, v. t.
	
	Defn: To make heavy. [Obs.] Wyclif.
	
	HEAVY-ARMED
	Heav"y-armed`, a. (Mil.)
	
	Defn: Wearing heavy or complete armor; carrying heavy arms.
	
	HEAVY-HADED
	Heav"y-had"ed, a.
	
	Defn: Clumsy; awkward.
	
	HEAVY-HEADED
	Heav"y-head"ed, a.
	
	Defn: Dull; stupid. "Gross heavy-headed fellows." Beau. & Fl.
	
	HEAVY SPAR
	Heav"y spar`. (Min.)
	
	Defn: Native barium sulphate or barite, -- so called because of its
	high specific gravity as compared with other non-metallic minerals.
	

Look up word:  The
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  less
	LESS
	Less (lês), conj.
	
	Defn: Unless. [Obs.] B. Jonson.
	
	LESS
	Less, a. Etym: [OE. lesse, AS. læssa; akin to OFries. lessa; a
	compar. from a lost positive form. Cf. Lesser, Lest, Least. Less has
	the sense of the comparative degree of little.]
	
	Defn: Smaller; not so large or great; not so much; shorter; inferior;
	as, a less quantity or number; a horse of less size or value; in less
	time than before.
	
	Note: The substantive which less qualifies is often omitted; as, the
	purse contained less (money) than ten dollars. See Less, n.
	Thus in less [time] than a hundred years from the coming of
	Augustine, all England became Christian. E. A. Freeman.
	
	LESS
	Less, adv. Etym: [AS. l. See Less, adj., and cf. Lest.]
	
	Defn: Not so much; in a smaller or lower degree; as, less bright or
	loud; less beautiful.
	
	LESS
	Less, n.
	
	1. A smaller portion or quantity.
	The children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.
	Ex. xvi. 17.
	
	2. The inferior, younger, or smaller.
	The less is blessed of the better. Heb. vii. 7.
	
	LESS
	Less, v. t.
	
	Defn: To make less; to lessen. [Obs.] Gower.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  was
	WAS
	Was. Etym: [AS. wæs, 2d pers. wære, 3d pers. wæs, pl. wæron, with the
	inf. wesan to be; akin to D. wezen, imp. was, OHG. wesan, imp. was,
	G. wesen, n., a being, essence, war was, Icel. vera to be, imp. var,
	Goth. wisan to be, to dwell, to remain, imp. was, Skr. vas to remain,
	to dwell. sq. root148. Cf. Vernacular, Wassail, Were, v.]
	
	Defn: The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the
	indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
	

Look up word:  moved
	Word not found
	MOVED

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  this
	THIS
	This, pron. & a.; pl. These. Etym: [OE. this, thes, AS. th\'c7s,
	masc., theós, fem., this, neut.; akin to OS. these, D. deze, G.
	dieser, OHG. diser, deser, Icel. Þessi; originally from the definite
	article + a particle -se, -si; cf. Goth. sai behold. See The, That,
	and cf. These, Those.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun, this denotes something that is present
	or near in place or time, or something just mentioned, or that is
	just about to be mentioned.
	When they heard this, they were pricked in their heart. Acts ii. 37.
	But know this, that if the good man of the house had known in what
	watch the thief would come, he would have watched. Matt. xxiv. 43.
	
	2. As an adjective, this has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun; as, this book; this way to town.
	
	Note: This may be used as opposed or correlative to that, and
	sometimes as opposed to other or to a second this. See the Note under
	That, 1.
	This way and that wavering sails they bend. Pope.
	A body of this or that denomination is produced. Boyle.
	Their judgment in this we may not, and in that we need not, follow.
	Hooker.
	Consider the arguments which the author had to write this, or to
	design the other, before you arraign him. Dryden.
	Thy crimes . . . soon by this or this will end. Addison.
	
	Note: This, like a, every, that, etc., may refer to a number, as of
	years, persons, etc., taken collectively or as a whole.
	This twenty years have I been with thee.. Gen. xxxi. 38.
	I have not wept this years; but now My mother comes afresh into my
	eyes. Dryden.
	

Look up word:  condition
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. conditio (better condicio)
	agreement, compact, condition; con- + a root signifying to show,
	point out, akin to dicere to say, dicare to proclaim, dedicate. See
	Teach, Token.]
	
	1. Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external
	circumstances or influences, or to physical or mental integrity,
	health, strength, etc.; predicament; rank; position, estate.
	I am in my condition A prince, Miranda; I do think, a king. Shak.
	And O, what man's condition can be worse Than his whom plenty starves
	and blessings curse Cowley.
	The new conditions of life. Darwin.
	
	2. Essential quality; property; attribute.
	It seemed to us a condition and property of divine powers and beings
	to be hidden and unseen to others. Bacon.
	
	3. Temperament; disposition; character. [Obs.]
	The condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil. Shak.
	
	4. That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something
	else; that which is requisite in order that something else should
	take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms
	specified.
	I had as lief take her dowry with this condition, to be whipped at
	the high cross every morning. Shak.
	Many are apt to believe remission of sins, but they believe it
	without the condition of repentance. Jer. Taylor.
	
	5. (Law)
	
	Defn: A clause in a contract, or agreement, which has for its object
	to suspend, to defeat, or in some way to modify, the principal
	obligation; or, in case of a will, to suspend, revoke, or modify a
	devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event,
	which may or may not happen, and on the occurrence or non-occurrence
	of which, the accomplishment, recission, or modification of an
	obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend. Blount.
	Tomlins. Bouvier. Wharton. Equation of condition. (Math.) See under
	Equation.
	 -- On or Upon condition (that), used for if in introducing
	conditional sentences. "Upon condition thou wilt swear to pay him
	tribute . . . thou shalt be placed as viceroy under him." Shak.
	 -- Conditions of sale, the terms on which it is proposed to sell
	property by auction; also, the instrument containing or expressing
	these terms.
	
	Syn.
	 -- State; situation; circumstances; station; case; mode; plight;
	predicament; stipulation; qualification; requisite; article;
	provision; arrangement. See State.
	
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Conditioned; p. pr. & vb. n.
	Conditioning.]
	
	1. To make terms; to stipulate.
	Pay me back my credit, And I'll condition with ye. Beau. & Fl.
	
	2. (Metaph.)
	
	Defn: To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without
	which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.
	To think of a thing is to condition. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	CONDITION
	Con*di"tion, v. t. Etym: [Cf. LL. conditionare. See Condition, n.]
	
	1. To invest with, or limit by, conditions; to burden or qualify by a
	condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.
	Seas, that daily gain upon the shore, Have ebb and flow conditioning
	their march. Tennyson.
	
	2. To contract; to stipulate; to agree.
	It was conditioned between Saturn and Titan, that Saturn should put
	to death all his male children. Sir W. Raleigh.
	
	3. (U. S. Colleges)
	
	Defn: To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination
	or to make up a specified study, as a condition of remaining in one's
	class or in college; as, to condition a student who has failed in
	some branch of study.
	
	4. To test or assay, as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture
	it contains). McElrath.
	
	Defn: train; acclimate.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  better
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, a.; compar. of Good. Etym: [OE. betere, bettre, and as adv.
	bet, AS. betera, adj., and bet, adv.; akin to Icel. betri, adj.,
	betr, adv., Goth. batiza, adj., OHG. bezziro, adj., baz, adv., G.
	besser, adj. and adv., bass, adv., E. boot, and prob. to Skr. bhadra
	excellent. See Boot advantage, and cf. Best, Batful.]
	
	1. Having good qualities in a greater degree than another; as, a
	better man; a better physician; a better house; a better air.
	Could make the worse appear The better reason. Milton.
	
	2. Preferable in regard to rank, value, use, fitness, acceptableness,
	safety, or in any other respect.
	To obey is better than sacrifice. 1 Sam. xv. 22.
	It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes.
	Ps. cxviii. 9.
	
	3. Greater in amount; larger; more.
	
	4. Improved in health; less affected with disease; as, the patient is
	better.
	
	5. More advanced; more perfect; as, upon better acquaintance; a
	better knowledge of the subject. All the better. See under All, adv.
	 -- Better half, an expression used to designate one's wife.
	My dear, my better half (said he), I find I must now leave thee. Sir
	P. Sidney.
	-- To be better off, to be in a better condition.
	 -- Had better. (See under Had).
	
	Note: The phrase had better, followed by an infinitive without to, is
	idiomatic. The earliest form of construction was "were better" with a
	dative; as, "Him were better go beside." (Gower.) i. e., It would be
	better for him, etc. At length the nominative (I, he, they, etc.)
	supplanted the dative and had took the place of were. Thus we have
	the construction now used.
	By all that's holy, he had better starve Than but once think this
	place becomes thee not. Shak.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, n.
	
	1. Advantage, superiority, or victory; -- usually with of; as, to get
	the better of an enemy.
	
	2. One who has a claim to precedence; a superior, as in merit, social
	standing, etc.; -- usually in the plural.
	Their betters would hardly be found. Hooker.
	For the better, in the way of improvement; so as to produce
	improvement. "If I have altered him anywhere for the better." Dryden.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, adv.; compar. of Well.
	
	1. In a superior or more excellent manner; with more skill and
	wisdom, courage, virtue, advantage, or success; as, Henry writes
	better than John; veterans fight better than recruits.
	I could have better spared a better man. Shak.
	
	2. More correctly or thoroughly.
	The better to understand the extent of our knowledge. Locke.
	
	3. In a higher or greater degree; more; as, to love one better than
	another.
	Never was monarch better feared, and loved. Shak.
	
	4. More, in reference to value, distance, time, etc.; as, ten miles
	and better. [Colloq.] To think better of (any one), to have a more
	favorable opinion of any one.
	 -- To think better of (an opinion, resolution, etc.), to reconsider
	and alter one's decision.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Bettered; p. pr. & vb. n. Bettering.]
	Etym: [AS. beterian, betrian, fr. betera better. See Better, a.]
	
	1. To improve or ameliorate; to increase the good qualities of.
	Love betters what is best. Wordsworth.
	He thought to better his circumstances. Thackeray.
	
	2. To improve the condition of, morally, physically, financially,
	socially, or otherwise.
	The constant effort of every man to better himself. Macaulay.
	
	3. To surpass in excellence; to exceed; to excel.
	The works of nature do always aim at that which can not be bettered.
	Hooker.
	
	4. To give advantage to; to support; to advance the interest of.
	[Obs.]
	Weapons more violent, when next we meet, May serve to better us and
	worse our foes. Milton.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To improve; meliorate; ameliorate; mend; amend; correct; emend;
	reform; advance; promote.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, v. i.
	
	Defn: To become better; to improve. Carlyle.
	
	BETTER
	Bet"ter, n.
	
	Defn: One who bets or lays a wager.
	

Look up word:  so
	SO
	So, adv. Etym: [OE. so, sa, swa, AS. swa; akin to OFries, sa, s, D.
	zoo, OS. & OHG. s, G. so, Icel. sva, sv, svo, so, Sw. s, Dan. saa,
	Goth. swa so, sw as; cf. L. suus one's own, Skr. sva one's own, one's
	self. sq. root192. Cf. As, Custom, Ethic, Idiom, Such.]
	
	1. In that manner or degree; as, indicated (in any way), or as
	implied, or as supposed to be known.
	Why is his chariot so long in coming Judges v. 28.
	
	2. In like manner or degree; in the same way; thus; for like reason;
	whith equal reason; -- used correlatively, following as, to denote
	comparison or resemblance; sometimes, also, following inasmuch as.
	As a war should be undertaken upon a just motive, so a prince ought
	to consider the condition he is in. Swift.
	
	3. In such manner; to such degree; -- used correlatively with as or
	that following; as, he was so fortunate as to escape.
	I viewed in may mind, so far as I was able, the beginning and
	progress of a rising world. T. Burnet.
	He is very much in Sir Roger's esteem, so that he lives in the family
	rather as a relation than dependent. Addison.
	
	4. Very; in a high degree; that is, in such a degree as can not well
	be expressed; as, he is so good; he planned so wisely.
	
	5. In the same manner; as has been stated or suggested; in this or
	that condition or state; under these circumstances; in this way; --
	with reflex reference to something just asserted or implied; used
	also with the verb to be, as a predicate.
	Use him [your tutor] with great respect yourself, and cause all your
	family to do so too. Locke.
	It concerns every man, with the greatest seriousness, to inquire into
	those matters, whether they be so or not. Tillotson.
	He is Sir Robert's son, and so art thou. Shak.
	
	6. The case being such; therefore; on this account; for this reason;
	on these terms; -- used both as an adverb and a conjuction.
	God makes him in his own image an intellectual creature, and so
	capable of dominion. Locke.
	Here, then, exchange we mutually forgiveness; So may the guilt of all
	my broken vows, My perjuries to thee, be all forgotten. Rowe.
	
	7. It is well; let it be as it is, or let it come to pass; -- used to
	express assent.
	And when 't is writ, for my sake read it over, And if it please you,
	so; if not, why, so. Shak.
	There is Percy; if your father will do me any honor, so; if not, let
	him kill the next Percy himself. Shak.
	
	8. Well; the fact being as stated; -- used as an expletive; as, so
	the work is done, is it
	
	9. Is it thus do you mean what you say -- with an upward tone; as, do
	you say he refuses So [Colloq.]
	
	10. About the number, time, or quantity specified; thereabouts; more
	or less; as, I will spend a week or so in the country; I have read
	only a page or so.
	A week or so will probably reconcile us. Gay.
	
	Note: See the Note under Ill, adv. So . . . as. So is now commonly
	used as a demonstrative correlative of as when it is the puprpose to
	emphasize the equality or comparison suggested, esp. in negative
	assertions, and questions implying a negative answer. By Shakespeare
	and others so . . . as was much used where as . . . as is now common.
	See the Note under As, 1.
	So do, as thou hast said. Gen. xviii. 5.
	As a flower of the field, so he flourisheth. Ps. ciii. 15.
	Had woman been so strong as men. Shak.
	No country suffered so much as England. Macaulay.
	-- So far, to that point or extent; in that particular. "The song was
	moral, and so far was right." Cowper.
	 -- So far forth, as far; to such a degree. Shak. Bacon.
	 -- So forth, further in the same or similar manner; more of the same
	or a similar kind. See And so forth, under And.
	 -- So, so, well, well. "So, so, it works; now, mistress, sit you
	fast." Dryden. Also, moderately or tolerably well; passably; as, he
	succeeded but so so. "His leg is but so so." Shak.
	 -- So that, to the end that; in order that; with the effect or
	result that.
	 -- So then, thus then it is; therefore; the consequence is.
	
	SO
	So, conj.
	
	Defn: Provided that; on condition that; in case that; if.
	Though all the winds of doctrine were let loose play upon the earth,
	so truth be in the field, we do injuriously, by licensing and
	prohibiting, to misdoubt her strength. Milton.
	
	SO
	So, interj.
	
	Defn: Be as you are; stand still; stop; that will do; right as you
	are; -- a word used esp. to cows; also used by sailors.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  would
	WOULD
	Would, imp. of Will. Etym: [OE. & AS. wolde. See Will, v. t.]
	
	Defn: Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or
	in the conditional or optative present. See 2d & 3d Will.
	
	Note: Would was formerly used also as the past participle of Will.
	Right as our Lord hath would. Chaucer.
	
	WOULD
	Would, n.
	
	Defn: See 2d Weld.
	
	WOULD-BE
	Would"-be
	
	Defn: ' (as, a would-be poet.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  carried
	Word not found
	CARRIED

Look up word:  out
	OUT
	Out, adv. Etym: [OE. out, ut, oute, ute, AS. , and , , fr. ; akin to
	D. uit, OS. , G. aus, OHG. -, Icel. , Sw. ut, Dan. ud, Goth. ut, Skr.
	ud. About, But, prep., Carouse, Utter, a.]
	
	Defn: In its original and strict sense, out means from the interior
	of something; beyond the limits or boundary of somethings; in a
	position or relation which is exterior to something; -- opposed to in
	or into. The something may be expressed after of, from, etc. (see Out
	of, below); or, if not expressed, it is implied; as, he is out; or,
	he is out of the house, office, business, etc.; he came out; or, he
	came out from the ship, meeting, sect, party, etc. Out is used in a
	variety of applications, as: --
	
	1. Away; abroad; off; from home, or from a certain, or a usual,
	place; not in; not in a particular, or a usual, place; as, the
	proprietor is out, his team was taken out. "My shoulder blade is
	out." Shak.
	He hath been out (of the country) nine years. Shak.
	
	2. Beyond the limits of concealment, confinement, privacy,
	constraint, etc., actual of figurative; hence, not in concealment,
	constraint, etc., in, or into, a state of freedom, openness,
	disclosure, publicity, etc.; as, the sun shines out; he laughed out,
	to be out at the elbows; the secret has leaked out, or is out; the
	disease broke out on his face; the book is out.
	Leaves are out and perfect in a month. Bacon.
	She has not been out [in general society] very long. H. James.
	
	3. Beyond the limit of existence, continuance, or supply; to the end;
	completely; hence, in, or into, a condition of extinction,
	exhaustion, completion; as, the fuel, or the fire, has burned out.
	"Hear me out." Dryden.
	Deceitiful men shall not live out half their days. Ps. iv. 23.
	When the butt is out, we will drink water. Shak.
	
	4. Beyond possession, control, or occupation; hence, in, or into, a
	state of want, loss, or deprivation; -- used of office, business,
	property, knowledge, etc.; as, the Democrats went out and the Whigs
	came in; he put his money out at interest. "Land that is out at rack
	rent." Locke. "He was out fifty pounds." Bp. Fell.
	I have forgot my part, and I am out. Shak.
	
	5. Beyond the bounds of what is true, reasonable, correct, proper,
	common, etc.; in error or mistake; in a wrong or incorrect position
	or opinion; in a state of disagreement, opposition, etc.; in an
	inharmonious relation. "Lancelot and I are out." Shak.
	Wicked men are strangely out in the calculating of their own
	interest. South.
	Very seldom out, in these his guesses. Addison.
	
	6. Not in the position to score in playing a game; not in the state
	or turn of the play for counting or gaining scores.
	
	Note: Out is largely used in composition as a prefix, with the same
	significations that it has as a separate word; as outbound, outbreak,
	outbuilding, outcome, outdo, outdoor, outfield. See also the first
	Note under Over, adv. Day in, day out, from the beginning to the
	limit of each of several days; day by day; every day.
	 -- Out and out. (a) adv. Completely; wholly; openly. (b) adj.
	Without any reservation or disguise; absolute; as, an out and out
	villain. [As an adj. written also out-and-out.] -- Out at, Out in,
	Out on, etc., elliptical phrases, that to which out refers as a
	source, origin, etc., being omitted; as, out (of the house and) at
	the barn; out (of the house, road, fields, etc., and) in the woods.
	Three fishers went sailing out into the west, Out into the west, as
	the sun went down. C. Kingsley.
	
	Note: In these lines after out may be understood, "of the harbor,"
	"from the shore," "of sight," or some similar phrase. The complete
	construction is seen in the saying: "Out of the frying pan into the
	fire." -- Out from, a construction similar to out of (below). See Of
	and From. Out of, a phrase which may be considered either as composed
	of an adverb and a preposition, each having its appropriate office in
	the sentence, or as a compound preposition. Considered as a
	preposition, it denotes, with verbs of movement or action, from the
	interior of; beyond the limit: from; hence, origin, source, motive,
	departure, separation, loss, etc.; -- opposed to in or into; also
	with verbs of being, the state of being derived, removed, or
	separated from. Examples may be found in the phrases below, and also
	under Vocabulary words; as, out of breath; out of countenance. Out of
	cess, beyond measure, excessively. Shak.
	 -- Out of character, unbecoming; improper.
	 -- Out of conceit with, not pleased with. See under Conceit.
	 -- Out of date, not timely; unfashionable; antiquated.
	 -- Out of door, Out of doors, beyond the doors; from the house; in,
	or into, the open air; hence, figuratively, shut out; dismissed. See
	under Door, also, Out-of-door, Outdoor, Outdoors, in the Vocabulary.
	"He 's quality, and the question's out of door," Dryden.
	 -- Out of favor, disliked; under displeasure.
	 -- Out of frame, not in correct order or condition; irregular;
	disarranged. Latimer.
	 -- Out of hand, immediately; without delay or preparation. "Ananias
	. . . fell down and died out of hand." Latimer.
	 -- Out of harm's way, beyond the danger limit; in a safe place.
	 -- Out of joint, not in proper connection or adjustment; unhinged;
	disordered. "The time is out of joint." Shak.
	 -- Out of mind, not in mind; forgotten; also, beyond the limit of
	memory; as, time out of mind.
	 -- Out of one's head, beyond commanding one's mental powers; in a
	wandering state mentally; delirious. [Colloq.] -- Out of one's time,
	beyond one's period of minority or apprenticeship.
	 -- Out of order, not in proper order; disarranged; in confusion.
	 -- Out of place, not in the usual or proper place; hence, not proper
	or becoming.
	 -- Out of pocket, in a condition of having expended or lost more
	money than one has received.
	 -- Out of print, not in market, the edition printed being exhausted;
	-- said of books, pamphlets, etc.
	 -- Out of the question, beyond the limits or range of consideration;
	impossible to be favorably considered.
	 -- Out of reach, beyond one's reach; inaccessible.
	 -- Out of season, not in a proper season or time; untimely;
	inopportune.
	 -- Out of sorts, wanting certain things; unsatisfied; unwell;
	unhappy; cross. See under Sort, n.
	 -- Out of temper, not in good temper; irritated; angry.
	 -- Out of time, not in proper time; too soon, or too late.
	 -- Out of time, not in harmony; discordant; hence, not in an
	agreeing temper; fretful.
	 -- Out of twist, winding, or wind, not in warped condition;
	perfectly plain and smooth; -- said of surfaces.
	 -- Out of use, not in use; unfashionable; obsolete.
	 -- Out of the way. (a) On one side; hard to reach or find; secluded.
	(b) Improper; unusual; wrong.
	 -- Out of the woods, not in a place, or state, of obscurity or
	doubt; free from difficulty or perils; safe. [Colloq.] -- Out to out,
	from one extreme limit to another, including the whole length,
	breadth, or thickness; -- applied to measurements.
	 -- Out West, in or towards, the West; specifically, in some Western
	State or Territory. [U. S.] -- To come out, To cut out, To fall out,
	etc. See under Come, Cut, Fall, etc.
	 -- To put out of the way, to kill; to destroy.
	 -- Week in, week out. See Day in, day out (above).
	
	OUT
	Out, n.
	
	1. One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of
	office; -- generally in the plural.
	
	2. A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle
	projecting outward; an open space; -- chiefly used in the phrase ins
	and outs; as, the ins and outs of a question. See under In.
	
	3. (Print.)
	
	Defn: A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy;
	an omission. To make an out (Print.), to omit something, in setting
	or correcting type, which was in the copy.
	
	OUT
	Out, v. t.
	
	1. To cause to be out; to eject; to expel.
	A king outed from his country. Selden.
	The French have been outed of their holds. Heylin.
	
	2. To come out with; to make known. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	3. To give out; to dispose of; to sell. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	OUT
	Out, v. i.
	
	Defn: To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public. "Truth
	will out." Shak.
	
	OUT
	Out, interj.
	
	Defn: Expressing impatience, anger, a desire to be rid of; -- with
	the force of command; go out; begone; away; off.
	Out, idle words, servants to shallow fools ! Shak.
	Out upon or on! equivalent to "shame upon!" "away with!" as, out upon
	you!
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  same
	SAME
	Same, a. Etym: [AS. same. adv.; akin to OS. sama, samo, adv., OHG.
	sam, a., sama, adv., Icel. samr, a., Sw. samme, samma, Dan. samme,
	Goth. sama, Russ. samui, Gr. sama, Gr. simul at the same time,
	similis like, and E. some, a., -some. sq. root191. Cf. Anomalous,
	Assemble, Homeopathy, Homily, Seem, v. i., Semi-, Similar, Some.]
	
	1. Not different or other; not another or others; identical;
	unchanged.
	Thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end. Ps. cii. 27.
	
	2. Of like kind, species, sort, dimensions, or the like; not
	differing in character or in the quality or qualities compared;
	corresponding; not discordant; similar; like.
	The ethereal vigor is in all the same. Dryden.
	
	3. Just mentioned, or just about to be mentioned.
	What ye know, the same do I know. Job. xiii. 2.
	Do but think how well the same he spends, Who spends his blood his
	country to relieve. Daniel.
	
	Note: Same is commonly preceded by the, this, or that and is often
	used substantively as in the citations above. In a comparative use it
	is followed by as or with.
	Bees like the same odors as we do. Lubbock.
	[He] held the same political opinions with his illustrious friend.
	Macaulay.
	

Look up word:  location
	LOCATION
	Lo*ca"tion, n. Etym: [L. locatio, fr. locare.]
	
	1. The act or process of locating.
	
	2. Situation; place; locality. Locke.
	
	3. That which is located; a tract of land designated in place. [U.S.]
	
	4. (Law)
	(a) (Civil Law) A leasing on rent.
	(b) (Scots Law) A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a
	person, for hire. Wharton. (c) (Amer. Law)
	
	Defn: The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or
	site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an
	entry, plan, map, etc. Burrill. Bouvier.
	

Look up word:  as
	AS
	As, adv. & conj. Etym: [OE. as, als, alse, also, al swa, AS. eal swa,
	lit. all so; hence, quite so, quite as: cf. G. als as, than, also so,
	then. See Also.]
	
	1. Denoting equality or likeness in kind, degree, or manner; like;
	similar to; in the same manner with or in which; in accordance with;
	in proportion to; to the extent or degree in which or to which;
	equally; no less than; as, ye shall be as gods, knowing good and
	evil; you will reap as you sow; do as you are bidden.
	His spiritual attendants adjured him, as he loved his soul, to
	emancipate his brethren. Macaulay.
	
	Note: As is often preceded by one of the antecedent or correlative
	words such, same, so, or as, in expressing an equality or comparison;
	as, give us such things as you please, and so long as you please, or
	as long as you please; he is not so brave as Cato; she is as amiable
	as she is handsome; come as quickly as possible. "Bees appear
	fortunately to prefer the same colors as we do." Lubbock. As, in a
	preceding part of a sentence, has such or so to answer correlatively
	to it; as with the people, so with the priest.
	
	2. In the idea, character, or condition of, -- limiting the view to
	certain attributes or relations; as, virtue considered as virtue;
	this actor will appear as Hamlet.
	The beggar is greater as a man, than is the man merely as a king.
	Dewey.
	
	3. While; during or at the same time that; when; as, he trembled as
	he spoke.
	As I return I will fetch off these justices. Shak.
	
	4. Because; since; it being the case that.
	As the population of Scotland had been generally trained to arms . .
	. they were not indifferently prepared. Sir W. Scott.
	[See Synonym under Because.]
	
	5. Expressing concession. (Often approaching though in meaning).
	We wish, however, to avail ourselves of the interest, transient as it
	may be, which this work has excited. Macaulay.
	
	6. That, introducing or expressing a result or consequence, after the
	correlatives so and such. [Obs.]
	I can place thee in such abject state, as help shall never find thee.
	Rowe.
	So as, so that. [Obs.]
	The relations are so uncertain as they require a great deal of
	examination. Bacon.
	
	7. As if; as though. [Obs. or Poetic]
	He lies, as he his bliss did know. Waller.
	
	8. For instance; by way of example; thus; -- used to introduce
	illustrative phrases, sentences, or citations.
	
	9. Than. [Obs. & R.]
	The king was not more forward to bestow favors on them as they free
	to deal affronts to others their superiors. Fuller.
	
	10. Expressing a wish. [Obs.] "As have," i. e., may he have. Chaucer.
	As . . . as. See So . . . as, under So.
	 -- As far as, to the extent or degree. "As far as can be
	ascertained." Macaulay.
	 -- As far forth as, as far as. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As for, or As to, in regard to; with respect to.
	 -- As good as, not less than; not falling short of.
	 -- As good as one's word, faithful to a promise.
	 -- As if, or As though, of the same kind, or in the same condition
	or manner, that it would be if.
	 -- As it were (as if it were), a qualifying phrase used to apologize
	for or to relieve some expression which might be regarded as
	inappropriate or incongruous; in a manner.
	 -- As now, just now. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As swythe, as quickly as possible. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- As well, also; too; besides. Addison.
	 -- As well as, equally with, no less than. "I have understanding as
	well as you." Job xii. 3.
	 -- As yet, until now; up to or at the present time; still; now.
	
	AS
	As, n. Etym: [See Ace.]
	
	Defn: An ace. [Obs.] Chaucer. Ambes-as, double aces.
	
	AS
	As, n.; pl. Asses. Etym: [L. as. See Ace.]
	
	1. A Roman weight, answering to the libra or pound, equal to nearly
	eleven ounces Troy weight. It was divided into twelve ounces.
	
	2. A Roman copper coin, originally of a pound weight (12 oz.); but
	reduced, after the first Punic war, to two ounces; in the second
	Punic war, to one ounce; and afterwards to half an ounce.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  Printed
	Word not found
	PRINTED

Look up word:  sheets
	Word not found
	SHEETS

Look up word:  on
	ON
	On, prep. Etym: [OE. on, an, o, a, AS. on, an; akin to D. aan, OS. &
	G. an, OHG. ana, Icel. a, Sw. ana, Russ. na, L. an-, in anhelare to
	pant, Gr. ana. sq. root195. Cf. A-, 1, Ana-, Anon.]
	
	Defn: The general signification of on is situation, motion, or
	condition with respect to contact or support beneath; as: --
	
	1. At, or in contact with, the surface or upper part of a thing, and
	supported by it; placed or lying in contact with the surface; as, the
	book lies on the table, which stands on the floor of a house on an
	island.
	I stood on the bridge at midnight. Longfellow.
	
	2. To or against the surface of; -- used to indicate the motion of a
	thing as coming or falling to the surface of another; as, rain falls
	on the earth.
	Whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken. Matt. xxi. 44.
	
	3. Denoting performance or action by contact with the surface, upper
	part, or outside of anything; hence, by means of; with; as, to play
	on a violin or piano. Hence, figuratively, to work on one's feelings;
	to make an impression on the mind.
	
	4. At or near; adjacent to; -- indicating situation, place, or
	position; as, on the one hand, on the other hand; the fleet is on the
	American coast.
	
	5. In addition to; besides; -- indicating multiplication or
	succession in a series; as, heaps on heaps; mischief on mischief;
	loss on loss; thought on thought. Shak.
	
	6. Indicating dependence or reliance; with confidence in; as, to
	depend on a person for assistance; to rely on; hence, indicating the
	ground or support of anything; as, he will promise on certain
	conditions; to bet on a horse.
	
	7. At or in the time of; during; as, on Sunday we abstain from labor.
	See At (synonym).
	
	8. At the time of, conveying some notion of cause or motive; as, on
	public occasions, the officers appear in full dress or uniform.
	Hence, in consequence of, or following; as, on the ratification of
	the treaty, the armies were disbanded.
	
	9. Toward; for; -- indicating the object of some passion; as, have
	pity or compassion on him.
	
	10. At the peril of, or for the safety of. "Hence, on thy life."
	Dryden.
	
	11. By virtue of; with the pledge of; -- denoting a pledge or
	engagement, and put before the thing pledged; as, he affirmed or
	promised on his word, or on his honor.
	
	12. To the account of; -- denoting imprecation or invocation, or
	coming to, falling, or resting upon; as, on us be all the blame; a
	curse on him.
	His blood be on us and on our children. Matt. xxvii. 25.
	
	13. In reference or relation to; as, on our part expect punctuality;
	a satire on society.
	
	14. Of. [Obs.] "Be not jealous on me." Shak.
	Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner
	Shak.
	
	Note: Instances of this usage are common in our older writers, and
	are sometimes now heard in illiterate speech.
	
	15. Occupied with; in the performance of; as, only three officers are
	on duty; on a journey.
	
	16. In the service of; connected with; of the number of; as, he is on
	a newspaper; on a committee.
	
	Note: On and upon are in general interchangeable. In some
	applications upon is more euphonious, and is therefore to be
	preferred; but in most cases on is preferable. On a bowline. (Naut.)
	Same as Closehauled.
	 -- On a wind, or On the wind (Naut.), sailing closehauled.
	 -- On a sudden. See under Sudden.
	 -- On board, On draught, On fire, etc. See under Board, Draught,
	Fire, etc.
	 -- On it, On't, of it. [Obs. or Colloq.] Shak.
	 -- On shore, on land; to the shore.
	 -- On the road, On the way, On the wing, etc. See under Road, Way,
	etc.
	 -- On to, upon; on; to; -- sometimes written as one word, onto, and
	usually called a colloquialism; but it may be regarded in analogy
	with into.
	They have added the -en plural form on to an elder plural. Earle.
	We see the strength of the new movement in the new class of
	ecclesiastics whom it forced on to the stage. J. R. Green.
	
	ON
	On, adv. Etym: [See On, prep.]
	
	1. Forward, in progression; onward; -- usually with a verb of motion;
	as, move on; go on. "Time glides on." Macaulay.
	The path is smooth that leadeth on to danger. Shak.
	
	2. Forward, in succession; as, from father to son, from the son to
	the grandson, and so on.
	
	3. In continuance; without interruption or ceasing; as, sleep on,
	take your ease; say on; sing on.
	
	4. Adhering; not off; as in the phrase, "He is neither on nor off,"
	that is, he is not steady, he is irresolute.
	
	5. Attached to the body, as clothing or ornament, or for use. "I have
	boots on." B. Gonson.
	He put on righteousness as a breastplate. Is. lix. 17.
	
	6. In progress; proceeding; as, a game is on.
	
	Note: On is sometimes used as an exclamation, or a command to move or
	proceed, some verb being understood; as, on, comrades; that is, go
	on, move on. On and on, continuously; for a long time together.
	"Toiling on and on and on." Longfellow.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  other
	OTHER
	Oth"er conj. Etym: [See Or.]
	
	Defn: Either; -- used with other or or for its correlative (as either
	. . . or are now used). [Obs.]
	Other of chalk, other of glass. Chaucer.
	
	OTHER
	Oth"er, pron. & a. Etym: [AS. ; akin to OS. a, , D. & G. ander, OHG.
	andar, Icel. annarr, Sw. annan, Dan. anden, Goth. an, Skr. antara:
	cf. L. alter; all orig. comparatives: cf. Skr. anya other. sq.
	root180. Cf. Alter.] [Formerly other was used both as singular and
	plural.]
	
	1. Different from that which, or the one who, has been specified; not
	the same; not identical; additional; second of two.
	Each of them made other for to win. Chaucer.
	Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other
	also. Matt. v. 39.
	
	2. Not this, but the contrary; opposite; as, the other side of a
	river.
	
	3. Alternate; second; -- used esp. in connection with every; as,
	every other day, that is, each alternate day, every second day.
	
	4. Left, as opposed to right. [Obs.]
	A distaff in her other hand she had. Spenser.
	
	Note: Other is a correlative adjective, or adjective pronoun, often
	in contrast with one, some, that, this, etc.
	The one shall be taken, and the other left. Matt. xxiv. 4
	And some fell among thorns . . . but other fell into good ground.
	Matt. xiii. 7, 8.
	
	It is also used, by ellipsis, with a noun, expressed or understood.
	To write this, or to design the other. Dryden.
	It is written with the indefinite article as one word, another; is
	used with each, indicating a reciprocal action or relation; and is
	employed absolutely, or eliptically for other thing, or other person,
	in which case it may have a plural.
	The fool and the brutish person perish, and leave their wealth to
	others. Ps. xlix. 10.
	If he is trimming, others are true. Thackeray.
	Other is sometimes followed by but, beside, or besides; but oftener
	by than.
	No other but such a one as he. Coleridge.
	Other lords beside thee have had dominion over us. Is. xxvi. 13.
	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid. 1 Cor. iii.
	11.
	The whole seven years of . . . ignominy had been little other than a
	preparation for this very hour. Hawthorne.
	Other some, some others. [Obs. or Prov. Eng.] -- The other day, at a
	certain time past, not distant, but indefinite; not long ago;
	recently; rarely, the third day past.
	Bind my hair up: as't was yesterday No, nor t' other day. B. Jonson.
	
	OTHER
	Oth"er, adv.
	
	Defn: Otherwise. "It shall none other be." Chaucer. "If you think
	other." Shak.
	

Look up word:  hand
	HAND
	Hand, n. Etym: [AS. hand, hond; akin to D., G., & Sw. hand, OHG.
	hant, Dan. haand, Icel. hönd, Goth. handus, and perh. to Goth. hinpan
	to seize (in comp.). Cf. Hunt.]
	
	1. That part of the fore limb below the forearm or wrist in man and
	monkeys, and the corresponding part in many other animals; manus;
	paw. See Manus.
	
	2. That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a
	human hand; as:
	(a) A limb of certain animals, as the foot of a hawk, or any one of
	the four extremities of a monkey.
	(b) An index or pointer on a dial; as, the hour or minute hand of a
	clock.
	
	3. A measure equal to a hand's breadth, -- four inches; a palm.
	Chiefly used in measuring the height of horses.
	
	4. Side; part; direction, either right or left.
	On this hand and that hand, were hangings. Ex. xxxviii. 15.
	The Protestants were then on the winning hand. Milton.
	
	5. Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill;
	dexterity.
	He had a great mind to try his hand at a Spectator. Addison.
	
	6. Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner
	of performance.
	To change the hand in carrying on the war. Clarendon.
	Gideon said unto God, If thou wilt save Israel by my hand. Judges vi.
	36.
	
	7. An agent; a servant, or laborer; a workman, trained or competent
	for special service or duty; a performer more or less skillful; as, a
	deck hand; a farm hand; an old hand at speaking.
	A dictionary containing a natural history requires too many hands, as
	well as too much time, ever to be hoped for. Locke.
	I was always reckoned a lively hand at a simile. Hazlitt.
	
	8. Handwriting; style of penmanship; as, a good, bad or running hand.
	Hence, a signature.
	I say she never did invent this letter; This is a man's invention and
	his hand. Shak.
	Some writs require a judge's hand. Burril.
	
	9. Personal possession; ownership; hence, control; direction;
	management; -- usually in the plural. "Receiving in hand one year's
	tribute." Knolles.
	Albinus . . . found means to keep in his hands the goverment of
	Britain. Milton.
	
	10. Agency in transmission from one person to another; as, to buy at
	first hand, that is, from the producer, or when new; at second hand,
	that is, when no longer in the producer's hand, or when not new.
	
	11. Rate; price. [Obs.] "Business is bought at a dear hand, where
	there is small dispatch." Bacon.
	
	12. That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once; as:
	(a) (Card Playing) The quota of cards received from the dealer.
	(b) (Tobacco Manuf.) A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together.
	
	13. (Firearms)
	
	Defn: The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by
	the hand in taking aim.
	
	Note: Hand is used figuratively for a large variety of acts or
	things, in the doing, or making, or use of which the hand is in some
	way employed or concerned; also, as a symbol to denote various
	qualities or conditions, as: (a) Activity; operation; work; -- in
	distinction from the head, which implies thought, and the heart,
	which implies affection. "His hand will be against every man." Gen.
	xvi. 12.(b) Power; might; supremacy; -- often in the Scriptures.
	"With a mighty hand . . . will I rule over you." Ezek. xx. 33.(c)
	Fraternal feeling; as, to give, or take, the hand; to give the right
	hand. (d) Contract; -- commonly of marriage; as, to ask the hand; to
	pledge the hand.
	
	Note: Hand is often used adjectively or in compounds (with or without
	the hyphen), signifying performed by the hand; as, hand blow or hand-
	blow, hand gripe or hand-gripe: used by, or designed for, the hand;
	as, hand ball or handball, hand bow, hand fetter, hand grenade or
	hand-grenade, handgun or hand gun, handloom or hand loom, handmill or
	hand organ or handorgan, handsaw or hand saw, hand-weapon: measured
	or regulated by the hand; as, handbreadth or hand's breadth, hand
	gallop or hand-gallop. Most of the words in the following paragraph
	are written either as two words or in combination. Hand bag, a
	satchel; a small bag for carrying books, papers, parcels, etc.
	 -- Hand basket, a small or portable basket.
	 -- Hand bell, a small bell rung by the hand; a table bell. Bacon.
	 -- Hand bill, a small pruning hook. See 4th Bill.
	 -- Hand car. See under Car.
	 -- Hand director (Mus.), an instrument to aid in forming a good
	position of the hands and arms when playing on the piano; a hand
	guide.
	 -- Hand drop. See Wrist drop.
	 -- Hand gallop. See under Gallop.
	 -- Hand gear (Mach.), apparatus by means of which a machine, or
	parts of a machine, usually operated by other power, may be operated
	by hand.
	 -- Hand glass. (a) A glass or small glazed frame, for the protection
	of plants. (b) A small mirror with a handle.
	 -- Hand guide. Same as Hand director (above).
	 -- Hand language, the art of conversing by the hands, esp. as
	practiced by the deaf and dumb; dactylology.
	 -- Hand lathe. See under Lathe.
	 -- Hand money, money paid in hand to bind a contract; earnest money.
	 -- Hand organ (Mus.), a barrel organ, operated by a crank turned by
	hand.
	 -- Hand plant. (Bot.) Same as Hand tree (below).
	 -- Hand rail, a rail, as in staircases, to hold by. Gwilt.
	 -- Hand sail, a sail managed by the hand. Sir W. Temple.
	 -- Hand screen, a small screen to be held in the hand.
	 -- Hand screw, a small jack for raising heavy timbers or weights;
	(Carp.) a screw clamp.
	 -- Hand staff (pl. Hand staves), a javelin. Ezek. xxxix. 9.
	 -- Hand stamp, a small stamp for dating, addressing, or canceling
	papers, envelopes, etc.
	 -- Hand tree (Bot.), a lofty tree found in Mexico (Cheirostemon
	platanoides), having red flowers whose stamens unite in the form of a
	hand.
	 -- Hand vise, a small vise held in the hand in doing small work.
	Moxon.
	 -- Hand work, or Handwork, work done with the hands, as
	distinguished from work done by a machine; handiwork.
	 -- All hands, everybody; all parties.
	 -- At all hands, On all hands, on all sides; from every direction;
	generally.
	 -- At any hand, At no hand, in any (or no) way or direction; on any
	account; on no account. "And therefore at no hand consisting with the
	safety and interests of humility." Jer. Taylor.
	 -- At first hand, At second hand. See def. 10 (above).
	 -- At hand. (a) Near in time or place; either present and within
	reach, or not far distant. "Your husband is at hand; I hear his
	trumpet." Shak. (b) Under the hand or bridle. [Obs.] "Horses hot at
	hand." Shak.
	 -- At the hand of, by the act of; as a gift from. "Shall we receive
	good at the hand of God and shall we not receive evil" Job ii. 10.
	 -- Bridle hand. See under Bridle.
	 -- By hand, with the hands, in distinction from instrumentality of
	tools, engines, or animals; as, to weed a garden by hand; to lift,
	draw, or carry by hand.
	 -- Clean hands, freedom from guilt, esp. from the guilt of
	dishonesty in money matters, or of bribe taking. "He that hath clean
	hands shall be stronger and stronger." Job xvii. 9.
	 -- From hand to hand, from one person to another.
	 -- Hand in hand. (a) In union; conjointly; unitedly. Swift. (b)
	Just; fair; equitable.
	As fair and as good, a kind of hand in hand comparison. Shak.
	-- Hand over hand, Hand over fist, by passing the hands alternately
	one before or above another; as, to climb hand over hand; also,
	rapidly; as, to come up with a chase hand over hand.
	 -- Hand over head, negligently; rashly; without seeing what one
	does. [Obs.] Bacon.
	 -- Hand running, consecutively; as, he won ten times hand running.
	 -- Hand off! keep off! forbear! no interference or meddling! -- Hand
	to hand, in close union; in close fight; as, a hand to hand contest.
	Dryden.
	 -- Heavy hand, severity or oppression.
	 -- In hand. (a) Paid down. "A considerable reward in hand, and . . .
	a far greater reward hereafter." Tillotson. (b) In preparation;
	taking place. Chaucer. "Revels . . . in hand." Shak. (c) Under
	consideration, or in the course of transaction; as, he has the
	business in hand.
	 -- In one's hand or hands. (a) In one's possession or keeping. (b)
	At one's risk, or peril; as, I took my life in my hand.
	 -- Laying on of hands, a form used in consecrating to office, in the
	rite of confirmation, and in blessing persons.
	 -- Light hand, gentleness; moderation.
	 -- Note of hand, a promissory note.
	 -- Off hand, Out of hand, forthwith; without delay, hesitation, or
	difficulty; promptly. "She causeth them to be hanged up out of hand."
	Spenser.
	 -- Off one's hands, out of one's possession or care.
	 -- On hand, in present possession; as, he has a supply of goods on
	hand.
	 -- On one's hands, in one's possession care, or management.
	 -- Putting the hand under the thigh, an ancient Jewish ceremony used
	in swearing.
	 -- Right hand, the place of honor, power, and strength.
	 -- Slack hand, idleness; carelessness; inefficiency; sloth.
	 -- Strict hand, severe discipline; rigorous government.
	 -- To bear a hand (Naut), to give help quickly; to hasten.
	 -- To bear in hand, to keep in expectation with false pretenses.
	[Obs.] Shak.
	 -- To be hand and glove, or in glove with. See under Glove.
	 -- To be on the mending hand, to be convalescent or improving.
	 -- To bring up by hand, to feed (an infant) without suckling it.
	 -- To change hand. See Change.
	 -- To change hands, to change sides, or change owners. Hudibras.
	 -- To clap the hands, to express joy or applause, as by striking the
	palms of the hands together.
	 -- To come to hand, to be received; to be taken into possession; as,
	the letter came to hand yesterday.
	 -- To get hand, to gain influence. [Obs.]
	Appetites have . . . got such a hand over them. Baxter.
	-- To got one's hand in, to make a beginning in a certain work; to
	become accustomed to a particular business.
	 -- To have a hand in, to be concerned in; to have a part or concern
	in doing; to have an agency or be employed in.
	 -- To have in hand. (a) To have in one's power or control. Chaucer.
	(b) To be engaged upon or occupied with.
	 -- To have one's hands full, to have in hand al that one can do, or
	more than can be done conveniently; to be pressed with labor or
	engagements; to be surrounded with difficulties.
	 -- To have, or get, the (higher) upper hand, to have, or get, the
	better of another person or thing.
	 -- To his hand, To my hand, etc., in readiness; already prepared.
	"The work is made to his hands." Locke.
	 -- To hold hand, to compete successfully or on even conditions.
	[Obs.] Shak.
	 -- To lay hands on, to seize; to assault.
	 -- To lend a hand, to give assistance.
	 -- To lift, or put forth, the hand against, to attack; to oppose; to
	kill.
	 -- To live from hand to mouth, to obtain food and other necessaries
	as want compels, without previous provision.
	 -- To make one's hand, to gain advantage or profit.
	 -- To put the hand unto, to steal. Ex. xxii. 8.-- To put the last,
	or finishing, hand to, to make the last corrections in; to complete;
	to perfect.
	 -- To set the hand to, to engage in; to undertake.
	That the Lord thy God may bless thee in all that thou settest thine
	hand to. Deut. xxiii. 20.
	-- To stand one in hand, to concern or affect one.
	 -- To strike hands, to make a contract, or to become surety for
	another's debt or good behavior.
	 -- To take in hand. (a) To attempt or undertake. (b) To seize and
	deal with; as, he took him in hand.
	 -- To wash the hands of, to disclaim or renounce interest in, or
	responsibility for, a person or action; as, to wash one's hands of a
	business. Matt. xxvii. 24.
	 -- Under the hand of, authenticated by the handwriting or signature
	of; as, the deed is executed under the hand and seal of the owner.
	
	HAND
	Hand, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Handed; p. pr. & vb. n. Handing.]
	
	1. To give, pass, or transmit with the hand; as, he handed them the
	letter.
	
	2. To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct; as, to hand a
	lady into a carriage.
	
	3. To manage; as, I hand my oar. [Obs.] Prior.
	
	4. To seize; to lay hands on. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	5. To pledge by the hand; to handfast. [R.]
	
	6. (Naut.)
	
	Defn: To furl; -- said of a sail. Totten. To hand down, to transmit
	in succession, as from father to son, or from predecessor to
	successor; as, fables are handed down from age to age; to forward to
	the proper officer (the decision of a higher court); as, the Clerk of
	the Court of Appeals handed down its decision.
	 -- To hand over, to yield control of; to surrender; to deliver up.
	
	HAND
	Hand, v. i.
	
	Defn: To coöperate. [Obs.] Massinger.
	

Look up word:  could
	COULD
	Could (kd), imp. of Can. Etym: [OF. coude. The l was inserted by
	mistake, under the influence of should and would.]
	
	Defn: Was, should be, or would be, able, capable, or susceptible.
	Used as an auxiliary, in the past tense or in the conditional
	present.
	

Look up word:  easily
	EASILY
	Eas"i*ly, adv. Etym: [From Easy.]
	
	1. With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as, this task may be
	easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen.
	
	2. Without pain, anxiety, or disturbance; as, to pass life well and
	easily. Sir W. Temple.
	
	3. Readily; without reluctance; willingly.
	Not soon provoked, she easily forgives. Prior.
	
	4. Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without
	
	5. Without shaking or jolting; commodiously; as, a carriage moves
	easily.
	

Look up word:  be
	BE
	Be, v. i. [imp. Was; p. p. Been; p. pr. & vb. n. Being.] Etym: [OE.
	been, beon, AS. beón to be, beóm I am; akin to OHG. bim, pim, G. bin,
	I am, Gael. & Ir. bu was, W. bod to be, Lith. bu-ti, O. Slav. by-ti,
	to be, L. fu-i I have been, fu-turus about to be, fo-re to be about
	to be, and perh to fieri to become, Gr. to be born, to be, Skr. bh to
	be. This verb is defective, and the parts lacking are supplied by
	verbs from other roots, is, was, which have no radical connection
	with be. The various forms, am, are, is, was, were, etc., are
	considered grammatically as parts of the verb "to be", which, with
	its conjugational forms, is often called the substantive verb.
	Future, Physic.]
	
	1. To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex
	To be contents his natural desire. Pope.
	To be, or not to be: that is the question. Shak.
	
	2. To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality
	or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain
	predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to
	a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or
	words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here;
	to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a
	nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of
	existence; that is the man.
	
	3. To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
	
	4. To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
	The field is the world. Matt. xiii. 38.
	The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Rev.
	i. 20.
	
	Note: The verb to be (including the forms is, was, etc.) is used in
	forming the passive voice of other verbs; as, John has been struck by
	James. It is also used with the past participle of many intransitive
	verbs to express a state of the subject. But have is now more
	commonly used as the auxiliary, though expressing a different sense;
	as, "Ye have come too late -- but ye are come. " "The minstrel boy to
	the war is gone." The present and imperfect tenses form, with the
	infinitive, a particular future tense, which expresses necessity,
	duty, or purpose; as, government is to be supported; we are to pay
	our just debts; the deed is to be signed to-morrow.
	
	Note: Have or had been, followed by to, implies movement. "I have
	been to Paris." Sydney Smith. "Have you been to Franchard " R. L.
	Stevenson.
	
	Note: Been, or ben, was anciently the plural of the indicative
	present. "Ye ben light of the world." Wyclif, Matt. v. 14. Afterwards
	be was used, as in our Bible: "They that be with us are more than
	they that be with them." 2 Kings vi. 16. Ben was also the old
	infinitive: "To ben of such power." R. of Gloucester. Be is used as a
	form of the present subjunctive: "But if it be a question of words
	and names." Acts xviii. 15. But the indicative forms, is and are,
	with if, are more commonly used. Be it so, a phrase of supposition,
	equivalent to suppose it to be so; or of permission, signifying let
	it be so. Shak.
	 -- If so be, in case.
	 -- To be from, to have come from; as, from what place are you I am
	from Chicago.
	 -- To let be, to omit, or leave untouched; to let alone. "Let be,
	therefore, my vengeance to dissuade." Spenser.
	
	Syn.
	 -- To be, Exist. The verb to be, except in a few rare case, like
	that of Shakespeare's "To be, or not to be", is used simply as a
	copula, to connect a subject with its predicate; as, man is mortal;
	the soul is immortal. The verb to exist is never properly used as a
	mere copula, but points to things that stand forth, or have a
	substantive being; as, when the soul is freed from all corporeal
	alliance, then it truly exists. It is not, therefore, properly
	synonymous with to be when used as a copula, though occasionally made
	so by some writers for the sake of variety; as in the phrase "there
	exists [is] no reason for laying new taxes." We may, indeed, say, "a
	friendship has long existed between them," instead of saying, "there
	has long been a friendship between them;" but in this case, exist is
	not a mere copula. It is used in its appropriate sense to mark the
	friendship as having been long in existence.
	
	BE
	Be*. Etym: [AS. be, and in accented form bi, akin to OS. be and bi,
	OHG. bi, pi, and pi, MHG. be and bi, G. be and bei, Goth. bi, and
	perh. Gr. about (cf. AS. beseón to look about). By, Amb-.]
	
	Defn: A prefix, originally the same word as by; joined with verbs, it
	serves: (a) To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir. (b) To
	render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon);
	bespeak (to speak for). (c) To make the action of a verb particular
	or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
	
	Note: It is joined with certain substantives, and a few adjectives,
	to form verbs; as, bedew, befriend, benight, besot; belate (to make
	late); belittle (to make little). It also occurs in certain nouns,
	adverbs, and prepositions, often with something of the force of the
	preposition by, or about; as, belief (believe), behalf, bequest
	(bequeath); because, before, beneath, beside, between. In some words
	the original force of be is obscured or lost; as, in become, begin,
	behave, behoove, belong.
	

Look up word:  moved
	Word not found
	MOVED

Look up word:  Now
	NOW
	Now, adv. Etym: [OE. nou, nu, AS. nu, nu; akin to D., OS., & OHG. nu,
	G. nu, nun, Icel., nu, Dan., Sw., & Goth. nu, L. nunc, Gr. nu, nu.
	*193. Cf. New.]
	
	1. At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking;
	instantly; as, I will write now.
	I have a patient now living, at an advanced age, who discharged blood
	from his lungs thirty years ago. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. Very lately; not long ago.
	They that but now, for honor and for plate, Made the sea blush with
	blood, resign their hate. Waller.
	
	3. At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or
	contemplated; at a particular time referred to.
	The ship was now in the midst of the sea. Matt. xiv. 24.
	
	4. In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used
	as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an
	explanation.
	How shall any man distinguish now betwixt a parasite and a man of
	honor L'Estrange.
	Why should he live, now nature bankrupt is Shak.
	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now,
	Barabbas was a robber. John xviii. 40.
	The other great and undoing mischief which befalls men is, by their
	being misrepresented. Now, by calling evil good, a man is
	misrepresented to others in the way of slander. South.
	Now and again, now and then; occasionally.
	 -- Now and now, again and again; repeatedly. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- Now and then, at one time and another; indefinitely;
	occasionally; not often; at intervals. "A mead here, there a heath,
	and now and then a wood." Drayton.
	 -- Now now, at this very instant; precisely now. [Obs.] "Why, even
	now now, at holding up of this finger, and before the turning down of
	this." J. Webster (1607).
	 -- Now . . . now, alternately; at one time . . . at another time.
	"Now high, now low, now master up, now miss." Pope.
	
	NOW
	Now, a.
	
	Defn: Existing at the present time; present. [R.] "Our now
	happiness." Glanvill.
	
	NOW
	Now, n.
	
	Defn: The present time or moment; the present.
	Nothing is there to come, and nothing past; But an eternal now does
	ever last. Cowley.
	

Look up word:  because
	BECAUSE
	Be*cause", conj. Etym: [OE. bycause; by + cause.]
	
	1. By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason
	that. Milton.
	
	2. In order that; that. [Obs.]
	And the multitude rebuked them because they should hold their peace.
	Matt. xx. 31.
	Because of, by reason of, on account of. [Prep. phrase.]
	Because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of
	disobedience. Eph. v. 6.
	
	Syn, -- Because, For, Since, As, Inasmuch As. These particles are
	used, in certain connections, to assign the reason of a thing, or
	that "on account of" which it is or takes place. Because (by cause)
	is the strongest and most emphatic; as, I hid myself because I was
	afraid. For is not quite so strong; as, in Shakespeare, "I hate him,
	for he is a Christian." Since is less formal and more incidental than
	because; as, I will do it since you request me. It more commonly
	begins a sentence; as, Since your decision is made, I will say no
	more. As is still more incidental than since, and points to some
	existing fact by way of assigning a reason. Thus we say, as I knew
	him to be out of town, I did not call. Inasmuch as seems to carry
	with it a kind of qualification which does not belong to the rest.
	Thus, if we say, I am ready to accept your proposal, inasmuch as I
	believe it is the best you can offer, we mean, it is only with this
	understanding that we can accept it.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  increasing
	Word not found
	INCREASING

Look up word:  computerization
	Word not found
	COMPUTERIZATION

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  preparing
	Word not found
	PREPARING

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  for
	FOR
	For, prep. Etym: [AS. for, fore; akin to OS. for, fora, furi, D.
	voor, OHG. fora, G. vor, OHG. furi, G. für, Icel. fyrir, Sw. för,
	Dan. for, adv. för, Goth. faúr, faúra, L. pro, Gr. pra-. sq. root
	202. Cf. Fore, First, Foremost, Forth, Pro-.]
	
	Defn: In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of,
	in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes
	place.
	
	1. Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the
	motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state;
	the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is
	done.
	With fiery eyes sparkling for very wrath. Shak.
	How to choose dogs for scent or speed. Waller.
	Now, for so many glorious actions done, For peace at home, and for
	the public wealth, I mean to crown a bowl for Cæsar's health. Dryden.
	That which we, for our unworthiness, are afraid to crave, our prayer
	is, that God, for the worthiness of his Son, would, notwithstanding,
	vouchsafe to grant. Hooker.
	
	2. Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or
	final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is
	done.
	The oak for nothing ill, The osier good for twigs, the poplar for the
	mill. Spenser.
	It was young counsel for the persons, and violent counsel for the
	matters. Bacon.
	Shall I think the worls was made for one, And men are born for kings,
	as beasts for men, Not for protection, but to be devoured Dryden.
	For he writes not for money, nor for praise. Denham.
	
	3. Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything
	is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; --
	opposed to against.
	We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. 2 Cor. xiii.
	8.
	It is for the general good of human society, and consequently of
	particular persons, to be true and just; and it is for men's health
	to be temperate. Tillotson.
	Aristotle is for poetical justice. Dennis.
	
	4. Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed,
	or the point toward which motion is made;
	We sailed from Peru for China and Japan. Bacon.
	
	5. Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or
	serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation,
	or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of.
	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, eye
	for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. Ex. xxi. 23,
	24.
	
	6. Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is
	regarded or treated; to be, or as being.
	We take a falling meteor for a star. Cowley.
	If a man can be fully assured of anything for a truth, without having
	examined, what is there that he may not embrace for truLocke.
	Most of our ingenious young men take up some cried-up English poet
	for their model. Dryden.
	But let her go for an ungrateful woman. Philips.
	
	7. Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the
	performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done,
	occurs, or is; hence, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; --
	generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc.
	The writer will do what she please for all me. Spectator.
	God's desertion shall, for aught he knows, the next minute supervene.
	Dr. H. More.
	For anything that legally appears to the contrary, it may be a
	contrivance to fright us. Swift.
	
	8. Indicating the space or time through which an action or state
	extends; hence, during; in or through the space or time of.
	For many miles about There 's scarce a bush. Shak.
	Since, hired for life, thy servile muse sing. prior.
	To guide the sun's bright chariot for a day. Garth.
	
	9. Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which,
	anything is done. [Obs.]
	We 'll have a bib, for spoiling of thy doublet. Beau. & Fl.
	For, or As for, so far as concerns; as regards; with reference to; --
	used parenthetically or independently. See under As.
	As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Josh. xxiv. 15.
	For me, my stormy voyage at an end, I to the port of death securely
	tend. Dryden.
	-- For all that, notwithstanding; in spite of.
	 -- For all the world, wholly; exactly. "Whose posy was, for all the
	world, like cutlers' poetry." Shak.
	 -- For as much as, or Forasmuch as, in consideration that; seeing
	that; since.
	 -- For by. See Forby, adv.
	 -- For ever, eternally; at all times. See Forever.
	 -- For me, or For all me, as far as regards me.
	 -- For my life, or For the life of me, if my life depended on it.
	[Colloq.] T. Hook.
	 -- For that, For the reason that, because; since. [Obs.] "For that I
	love your daughter." Shak.
	 -- For thy, or Forthy Etym: [AS. for, for this; on this account.
	[Obs.] "Thomalin, have no care for thy." Spenser.
	 -- For to, as sign of infinitive, in order to; to the end of. [Obs.,
	except as sometimes heard in illiterate speech.] -- "What went ye out
	for to see" Luke vii. 25. See To, prep., 4.
	 -- O for, would that I had; may there be granted; -- elliptically
	expressing desire or prayer. "O for a muse of fire." Shak.
	 -- Were it not for, or If it were not for, leaving out of account;
	but for the presence or action of. "Moral consideration can no way
	move the sensible appetite, were it not for the will." Sir M. Hale.
	
	FOR
	For, conj.
	
	1. Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the
	reason of anything.
	And for of long that way had walkéd none, The vault was hid with
	plants and bushes hoar. Fairfax.
	And Heaven defend your good souls, that you think I will your serious
	and great business scant, For she with me. Shak.
	
	2. Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced,
	a cause, motive, explanation, justification, or the like, of an
	action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent
	to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes
	used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what
	has gone before.
	Give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good; for his mercy endureth
	forever. Ps. cxxxvi. 1.
	Heaven doth with us as we with torches do, Not light them for
	themselves; for if our virtues Did not go forth of us, 't were all
	alike As if we had them not. Shak.
	For because, because. [Obs.] "Nor for because they set less store by
	their own citizens." Robynson (More's Utopia).
	 -- For why. (a) Why; for that reason; wherefore. [Obs.] (b) Because.
	[Obs.] See Forwhy.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Because.
	
	FOR
	For, n.
	
	Defn: One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side;
	that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the
	antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it. The
	fors and against. those in favor and those opposed; the pros and the
	cons; the advantages and the disadvantages. Jane Austen.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  printer
	PRINTER
	Print"er, n.
	
	Defn: One who prints; especially, one who prints books, newspapers,
	engravings, etc., a compositor; a typesetter; a pressman. Printer's
	devil, Printer's gauge. See under Devil, and Gauge.
	 -- Printer's ink. See Printing ink, below.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  typesetting
	TYPESETTING
	Type"set`ting, n.
	
	Defn: The act or art of setting type.
	

Look up word:  part
	PART
	Part, n. Etym: [F. part, L. pars, gen. partis; cf. parere to bring
	forth, produce. Cf. Parent, Depart, Parcel, Partner, Party, Portion.]
	
	1. One of the portions, equal or unequal, into which anything is
	divided, or regarded as divided; something less than a whole; a
	number, quantity, mass, or the like, regarded as going to make up,
	with others, a larger number, quantity, mass, etc., whether actually
	separate or not; a piece; a fragment; a fraction; a division; a
	member; a constituent.
	And kept back part of the price, . . . and brought a certain part and
	laid it at the apostles'feet. Acts v. 2.
	Our ideas of extension and number -- do they not contain a secret
	relation of the parts Locke.
	I am a part of all that I have met. Tennyson.
	
	2. Hence, specifically:
	(a) An equal constituent portion; one of several or many like
	quantities, numbers, etc., into which anything is divided, or of
	which it is composed; proportional division or ingredient.
	An homer is the tenth part of an ephah. Ex. xvi. 36.
	A thought which, quartered, hath but one part wisdom, And ever three
	parts coward. Shak.
	
	(b) A constituent portion of a living or spiritual whole; a member;
	an organ; an essential element.
	All the parts were formed . . . into one harmonious body. Locke.
	The pulse, the glow of every part. Keble.
	
	(c) A constituent of character or capacity; quality; faculty; talent;
	-- usually in the plural with a collective sense. "Men of
	considerable parts." Burke. "Great quickness of parts." Macaulay.
	Which maintained so politic a state of evil, that they will not admit
	any good part to intermingle with them. Shak.
	
	(d) Quarter; region; district; -- usually in the plural. "The
	uttermost part of the heaven." Neh. i. 9.
	All parts resound with tumults, plaints, and fears. Dryden.
	(e) (Math.)
	
	Defn: Such portion of any quantity, as when taken a certain number of
	times, will exactly make that quantity; as, 3 is a part of 12; -- the
	opposite of multiple. Also, a line or other element of a geometrical
	figure.
	
	3. That which belongs to one, or which is assumed by one, or which
	falls to one, in a division or apportionment; share; portion; lot;
	interest; concern; duty; office.
	We have no part in David. 2 Sam. xx. 1.
	Accuse not Nature! she hath done her part; Do thou but thine. Milton.
	Let me bear My part of danger with an equal share. Dryden.
	
	4. Hence, specifically:
	(a) One of the opposing parties or sides in a conflict or a
	controversy; a faction.
	For he that is not against us is on our part. Mark ix. 40.
	Make whole kingdoms take her brother's part. Waller.
	
	(b) A particular character in a drama or a play; an assumed
	personification; also, the language, actions, and influence of a
	character or an actor in a play; or, figuratively, in real life. See
	To act a part, under Act.
	That part Was aptly fitted and naturally performed. Shak.
	It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf. Shak.
	Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all
	the honor lies. Pope.
	(c) (Mus.)
	
	Defn: One of the different melodies of a concerted composition, which
	heard in union compose its harmony; also, the music for each voice or
	instrument; as, the treble, tenor, or bass part; the violin part,
	etc. For my part, so far as concerns me; for my share.
	 -- For the most part. See under Most, a.
	 -- In good part, as well done; favorably; acceptably; in a friendly
	manner. Hooker. In ill part, unfavorably; with displeasure.
	 -- In part, in some degree; partly.
	 -- Part and parcel, an essential or constituent portion; -- a
	reduplicative phrase. Cf. might and main, kith and kin, etc. "She was
	. . . part and parcel of the race and place." Howitt.
	 -- Part of speech (Gram.), a sort or class of words of a particular
	character; thus, the noun is a part of speech denoting the name of a
	thing; the verb is a part of speech which asserts something of the
	subject of a sentence.
	 -- Part owner (Law), one of several owners or tenants in common. See
	Joint tenant, under Joint.
	 -- Part singing, singing in which two or more of the harmonic parts
	are taken.
	 -- Part song, a song in two or more (commonly four) distinct vocal
	parts. "A part song differs from a madrigal in its exclusion of
	contrapuntual devices; from a glee, in its being sung by many voices,
	instead of by one only, to each part." Stainer & Barrett.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Portion; section; division; fraction; fragment; piece; share;
	constituent. See Portion, and Section.
	
	PART
	Part, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Parted; p. pr. & vb. n. Parting.] Etym: [F.
	partir, L. partire, partiri, p. p. partitus, fr. pars, gen. partis, a
	part. See Part, n.]
	
	1. To divide; to separate into distinct parts; to break into two or
	more parts or pieces; to sever. "Thou shalt part it in pieces." Lev.
	ii. 6.
	There, [celestial love] parted into rainbow hues. Keble.
	
	2. To divide into shares; to divide and distribute; to allot; to
	apportion; to share.
	To part his throne, and share his heaven with thee. Pope.
	They parted my raiment among them. John xix. 24.
	
	3. To separate or disunite; to cause to go apart; to remove from
	contact or contiguity; to sunder.
	The Lord do so to me, and more also, if aught but death part thee and
	me. Ruth i. 17.
	While he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into
	heaven. Luke xxiv. 51.
	The narrow seas that part The French and English. Shak.
	
	4. Hence: To hold apart; to stand between; to intervene betwixt, as
	combatants.
	The stumbling night did part our weary powers. Shak.
	
	5. To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion;
	as, to part gold from silver.
	The liver minds his own affair, . . . And parts and strains the vital
	juices. Prior.
	
	6. To leave; to quit. [Obs.]
	Since presently your souls must part your bodies. Shak.
	To part a cable (Naut.), to break it.
	 -- To part company, to separate, as travelers or companions.
	
	PART
	Part, v. i.
	
	1. To be broken or divided into parts or pieces; to break; to become
	separated; to go asunder; as, rope parts; his hair parts in the
	middle.
	
	2. To go away; to depart; to take leave; to quit each other; hence,
	to die; -- often with from.
	He wrung Bassanio's hand, and so they parted. Shak.
	He owned that he had parted from the duke only a few hours before.
	Macaulay.
	His precious bag, which he would by no means part from. G. Eliot.
	
	3. To perform an act of parting; to relinquish a connection of any
	kind; -- followed by with or from.
	Celia, for thy sake, I part With all that grew so near my heart.
	Waller.
	Powerful hands . . . will not part Easily from possession won with
	arms. Milton.
	It was strange to him that a father should feel no tenderness at
	parting with an only son. A. Trollope.
	
	4. To have a part or share; to partake. [Obs.] "They shall part
	alike." 1 Sam. xxx. 24.
	
	PART
	Part, adv.
	
	Defn: Partly; in a measure. [R.] Shak.
	

Look up word:  of
	OF
	Of, prep. Etym: [AS. of of, from, off; akin to D. & OS. af, G. ab
	off, OHG. aba from, away, Icel., Dan., Sw., & Goth. af, L. ab, Gr.
	apa. Cf.Off, A- (2), Ab-, After, Epi-.]
	
	Defn: In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from;
	belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of
	applications; as:
	
	1. Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin,
	source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of
	noble blood.
	That holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son
	of God. Luke i. 35.
	I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. 1
	Cor. xi. 23.
	
	2. Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to
	attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a
	man of courage; the gate of heaven. "Poor of spirit." Macaulay.
	
	3. Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which
	it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of
	mist; a cup of water.
	
	4. Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or
	quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had
	some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the
	company.
	It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Lam. iii. 22.
	It is a duty to communicate of those blessings we have received.
	Franklin.
	
	5. Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled;
	also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own
	will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
	For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts. Josh. xi. 20.
	
	6. Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as,
	to boast of one's achievements.
	Knew you of this fair work Shak.
	
	7. Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as,
	within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
	
	8. Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or
	appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the
	continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
	
	9. Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything
	is, or is done; by.
	And told to her of [by] some. Chaucer.
	He taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all. Luke iv. 15.
	[Jesus] being forty days tempted of the devil. Luke iv. 1, 2.
	
	Note: The use of the word in this sense, as applied to persons, is
	nearly obsolete.
	
	10. Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected
	with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days
	of Herod.
	
	11. Denoting passage from one state to another; from. [Obs.] "O
	miserable of happy." Milton.
	
	12. During; in the course of.
	Not be seen to wink of all the day. Shak.
	My custom always of the afternoon. Shak.
	
	Note: Of may be used in a subjective or an objective sense. "The love
	of God" may mean, our love for God, or God's love for us.
	
	Note: From is the primary sense of this preposition; a sense retained
	in off, the same word differently written for distinction. But this
	radical sense disappears in most of its application; as, a man of
	genius; a man of rare endowments; a fossil of a red color, or of an
	hexagonal figure; he lost all hope of relief; an affair of the
	cabinet; he is a man of decayed fortune; what is the price of corn In
	these and similar phrases, of denotes property or possession, or a
	relation of some sort involving connection. These applications,
	however all proceeded from the same primary sense. That which
	proceeds from, or is produced by, a person or thing, either has had,
	or still has, a close connection with the same; and hence the word
	was applied to cases of mere connection, not involving at all the
	idea of separation. Of consequence, of importance, value, or
	influence.
	 -- Of late, recently; in time not long past.
	 -- Of old, formerly; in time long past.
	 -- Of one's self, by one's self; without help or prompting;
	spontaneously.
	Why, knows not Montague, that of itself England is safe, if true
	within itself Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  job
	JOB
	Job, n. Etym: [Prov. E. job, gob, n., a small piece of wood, v., to
	stab, strike; cf. E. gob, gobbet; perh. influenced by E. chop to cut
	off, to mince. See Gob.]
	
	1. A sudden thrust or stab; a jab.
	
	2. A piece of chance or occasional work; any definite work undertaken
	in gross for a fixed price; as, he did the job for a thousand
	dollars.
	
	3. A public transaction done for private profit; something performed
	ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a
	corrupt official business.
	
	4. Any affair or event which affects one, whether fortunately or
	unfortunately. [Colloq.]
	
	5. A situation or opportunity of work; as, he lost his job. [Colloq.]
	
	Note: Job is used adjectively to signify doing jobs, used for jobs,
	or let on hire to do jobs; as, job printer; job master; job horse;
	job wagon, etc. By the job, at a stipulated sum for the work, or for
	each piece of work done; -- distinguished from time work; as, the
	house was built by the job.
	 -- Job lot, a quantity of goods, usually miscellaneous, sold out of
	the regular course of trade, at a certain price for the whole; as,
	these articles were included in a job lot.
	 -- Job master, one who lest out horses and carriages for hire, as
	for family use. [Eng.] -- Job printer, one who does miscellaneous
	printing, esp. circulars, cards, billheads, etc.
	 -- Odd job, miscellaneous work of a petty kind; occasional work, of
	various kinds, or for various people.
	
	JOB
	Job, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Jobbed; p. pr. & vb. n. Jobbing.]
	
	1. To strike or stab with a pointed instrument. L'Estrange.
	
	2. To thrust in, as a pointed instrument. Moxon.
	
	3. To do or cause to be done by separate portions or lots; to sublet
	(work); as, to job a contract.
	
	4. (Com.)
	
	Defn: To buy and sell, as a broker; to purchase of importers or
	manufacturers for the purpose of selling to retailers; as, to job
	goods.
	
	5. To hire or let by the job or for a period of service; as, to job a
	carriage. Thackeray.
	
	JOB
	Job, v. i.
	
	1. To do chance work for hire; to work by the piece; to do petty
	work.
	Authors of all work, to job for the season. Moore.
	
	2. To seek private gain under pretense of public service; to turn
	public matters to private advantage.
	And judges job, and bishops bite the town. Pope.
	
	3. To carry on the business of a jobber in merchandise or stocks.
	
	JOB
	Job, n.
	
	Defn: The hero of the book of that name in the Old Testament; the
	typical patient man. Job's comforter. (a) A false friend; a tactless
	or malicious person who, under pretense of sympathy, insinuates
	rebukes. (b) A boil. [Colloq.] -- Job's news, bad news. Carlyle.
	 -- Job's tears (Bot.), a kind of grass (Coix Lacryma), with hard,
	shining, pearly grains.
	

Look up word:  has
	HAS
	Has,
	
	Defn: 3d pers. sing. pres. of Have.
	

Look up word:  flowed
	Word not found
	FLOWED

Look up word:  upstream
	UPSTREAM
	Up*stream", adv.
	
	Defn: Toward the higher part of a stream; against the current.
	

Look up word:  where
	WHERE
	Where, adv. Etym: [OE. wher, whar, AS. hw; akin to D. waar, OS. hw,
	OHG. hwar, war, wa, G. wo, Icel. and Sw. hvar, Dan. hvor, Goth. hwar,
	and E. who; cf. Skr. karhi when. sq. root182. See Who, and cf.
	There.]
	
	1. At or in what place; hence, in what situation, position, or
	circumstances; -- used interrogatively.
	God called unto Adam, . . . Where art thou Gen. iii. 9.
	
	Note: See the Note under What, pron., 1.
	
	2. At or in which place; at the place in which; hence, in the case or
	instance in which; -- used relatively.
	She visited that place where first she was so happy. Sir P. Sidney.
	Where I thought the remnant of mine age Should have been cherished by
	her childlike duty. Shak.
	Where one on his side fights, thousands will fly. Shak.
	But where he rode one mile, the dwarf ran four. Sir W. Scott.
	
	3. To what or which place; hence, to what goal, result, or issue;
	whither; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, where are you
	going
	But where does this tend Goldsmith.
	Lodged in sunny cleft, Where the gold breezes come not. Bryant.
	
	Note: Where is often used pronominally with or without a preposition,
	in elliptical sentences for a place in which, the place in which, or
	what place.
	The star . . . stood over where the young child was. Matt. ii. 9.
	The Son of man hath not where to lay his head. Matt. viii. 20.
	Within about twenty paces of where we were. Goldsmith.
	Where did the minstrels come from Dickens.
	
	Note: Where is much used in composition with preposition, and then is
	equivalent to a pronoun. Cf. Whereat, Whereby, Wherefore, Wherein,
	etc. Where away (Naut.), in what direction; as, where away is the
	land
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Whither.
	
	WHERE
	Where, conj.
	
	Defn: Whereas.
	And flight and die is death destroying death; Where fearing dying
	pays death servile breath. Shak.
	
	WHERE
	Where, n.
	
	Defn: Place; situation. [Obs. or Colloq.]
	Finding the nymph asleep in secret where. Spenser.
	
	WHEREABOUT; WHEREABOUTS
	Where"a*bout`, Where"a*bouts`, adv.
	
	1. About where; near what or which place; -- used interrogatively and
	relatively; as, whereabouts did you meet him
	
	Note: In this sense, whereabouts is the common form.
	
	2. Concerning which; about which. "The object whereabout they are
	conversant." Hooker.
	
	WHEREABOUT; WHEREABOUTS
	Where"a*bout`, Where"a*bouts`, n.
	
	Defn: The place where a person or thing is; as, they did not know his
	whereabouts. Shak.
	A puzzling notice of thy whereabout. Wordsworth.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  done
	DONE
	Done,
	
	Defn: p. p. from Do, and formerly the infinitive.
	
	1. Performed; executed; finished.
	
	2. It is done or agreed; let it be a match or bargain; -- used
	elliptically. Done brown, a phrase in cookery; applied figuratively
	to one who has been thoroughly deceived, cheated, or fooled.
	[Colloq.] -- Done for, tired out; used up; collapsed; destroyed;
	dead; killed. [Colloq.] -- Done up. (a) Wrapped up. (b) Worn out;
	exhausted. [Colloq.]
	
	DONE
	Done, a. Etym: [Prob. corrupted from OF. doné, F. donné, p. p. of OF.
	doner, F. donner, to give, issue, fr. L. donare to give. See Donate,
	and cf. Donee.]
	
	Defn: Given; executed; issued; made public; -- used chiefly in the
	clause giving the date of a proclamation or public act.
	

Look up word:  either
	EITHER
	Ei"ther, a. & pron. Etym: [OE. either, aither, AS. , (akin to OHG. ,
	MHG. iegeweder); a + ge + hwæ whether. See Each, and Whether, and cf.
	Or, conj.]
	
	1. One of two; the one or the other; -- properly used of two things,
	but sometimes of a larger number, for any one.
	Lepidus flatters both, Of both is flattered; but he neither loves,
	Nor either cares for him. Shak.
	Scarce a palm of ground could be gotten by either of the three.
	Bacon.
	There have been three talkers in Great British, either of whom would
	illustrate what I say about dogmatists. Holmes.
	
	2. Each of two; the one and the other; both; -- formerly, also, each
	of any number.
	His flowing hair In curls on either cheek played. Milton.
	On either side . . . was there the tree of life. Rev. xxii. 2.
	The extreme right and left of either army never engaged. Jowett
	(Thucyd).
	
	EITHER
	Ei"ther, conj. Either
	
	Defn: precedes two, or more, coördinate words or phrases, and is
	introductory to an alternative. It is correlative to or.
	Either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or
	peradventure he sleepeth. 1 Kings xviii. 27.
	Few writers hesitate to use either in what is called a triple
	alternative; such as, We must either stay where we are, proceed, or
	recede. Latham.
	
	Note: Either was formerly sometimes used without any correlation, and
	where we should now use or.
	Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries either a vine, figs
	James iii. 12.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  separately
	Word not found
	SEPARATELY

Look up word:  contracting
	Word not found
	CONTRACTING

Look up word:  companies
	Word not found
	COMPANIES

Look up word:  working
	WORKING
	Work"ing,
	
	Defn: a & n. from Work.
	The word must cousin be to the working. Chaucer.
	Working beam. See Beam, n. 10.
	 -- Working class, the class of people who are engaged in manual
	labor, or are dependent upon it for support; laborers; operatives; --
	chiefly used in the plural.
	 -- Working day. See under Day, n.
	 -- Working drawing, a drawing, as of the whole or part of a
	structure, machine, etc., made to a scale, and intended to be
	followed by the workmen. Working drawings are either general or
	detail drawings.
	 -- Working house, a house where work is performed; a workhouse.
	 -- Working point (Mach.), that part of a machine at which the effect
	required; the point where the useful work is done.
	
	WORKING-DAY
	Work"ing-day, a.
	
	Defn: Pertaining to, or characteristic of, working days, or workdays;
	everyday; hence, plodding; hard-working.
	O, how full of briers in this working-day world. Shak.
	

Look up word:  for
	FOR
	For, prep. Etym: [AS. for, fore; akin to OS. for, fora, furi, D.
	voor, OHG. fora, G. vor, OHG. furi, G. für, Icel. fyrir, Sw. för,
	Dan. for, adv. för, Goth. faúr, faúra, L. pro, Gr. pra-. sq. root
	202. Cf. Fore, First, Foremost, Forth, Pro-.]
	
	Defn: In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of,
	in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes
	place.
	
	1. Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the
	motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state;
	the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is
	done.
	With fiery eyes sparkling for very wrath. Shak.
	How to choose dogs for scent or speed. Waller.
	Now, for so many glorious actions done, For peace at home, and for
	the public wealth, I mean to crown a bowl for Cæsar's health. Dryden.
	That which we, for our unworthiness, are afraid to crave, our prayer
	is, that God, for the worthiness of his Son, would, notwithstanding,
	vouchsafe to grant. Hooker.
	
	2. Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or
	final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is
	done.
	The oak for nothing ill, The osier good for twigs, the poplar for the
	mill. Spenser.
	It was young counsel for the persons, and violent counsel for the
	matters. Bacon.
	Shall I think the worls was made for one, And men are born for kings,
	as beasts for men, Not for protection, but to be devoured Dryden.
	For he writes not for money, nor for praise. Denham.
	
	3. Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything
	is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; --
	opposed to against.
	We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. 2 Cor. xiii.
	8.
	It is for the general good of human society, and consequently of
	particular persons, to be true and just; and it is for men's health
	to be temperate. Tillotson.
	Aristotle is for poetical justice. Dennis.
	
	4. Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed,
	or the point toward which motion is made;
	We sailed from Peru for China and Japan. Bacon.
	
	5. Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or
	serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation,
	or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of.
	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, eye
	for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. Ex. xxi. 23,
	24.
	
	6. Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is
	regarded or treated; to be, or as being.
	We take a falling meteor for a star. Cowley.
	If a man can be fully assured of anything for a truth, without having
	examined, what is there that he may not embrace for truLocke.
	Most of our ingenious young men take up some cried-up English poet
	for their model. Dryden.
	But let her go for an ungrateful woman. Philips.
	
	7. Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the
	performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done,
	occurs, or is; hence, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; --
	generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc.
	The writer will do what she please for all me. Spectator.
	God's desertion shall, for aught he knows, the next minute supervene.
	Dr. H. More.
	For anything that legally appears to the contrary, it may be a
	contrivance to fright us. Swift.
	
	8. Indicating the space or time through which an action or state
	extends; hence, during; in or through the space or time of.
	For many miles about There 's scarce a bush. Shak.
	Since, hired for life, thy servile muse sing. prior.
	To guide the sun's bright chariot for a day. Garth.
	
	9. Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which,
	anything is done. [Obs.]
	We 'll have a bib, for spoiling of thy doublet. Beau. & Fl.
	For, or As for, so far as concerns; as regards; with reference to; --
	used parenthetically or independently. See under As.
	As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Josh. xxiv. 15.
	For me, my stormy voyage at an end, I to the port of death securely
	tend. Dryden.
	-- For all that, notwithstanding; in spite of.
	 -- For all the world, wholly; exactly. "Whose posy was, for all the
	world, like cutlers' poetry." Shak.
	 -- For as much as, or Forasmuch as, in consideration that; seeing
	that; since.
	 -- For by. See Forby, adv.
	 -- For ever, eternally; at all times. See Forever.
	 -- For me, or For all me, as far as regards me.
	 -- For my life, or For the life of me, if my life depended on it.
	[Colloq.] T. Hook.
	 -- For that, For the reason that, because; since. [Obs.] "For that I
	love your daughter." Shak.
	 -- For thy, or Forthy Etym: [AS. for, for this; on this account.
	[Obs.] "Thomalin, have no care for thy." Spenser.
	 -- For to, as sign of infinitive, in order to; to the end of. [Obs.,
	except as sometimes heard in illiterate speech.] -- "What went ye out
	for to see" Luke vii. 25. See To, prep., 4.
	 -- O for, would that I had; may there be granted; -- elliptically
	expressing desire or prayer. "O for a muse of fire." Shak.
	 -- Were it not for, or If it were not for, leaving out of account;
	but for the presence or action of. "Moral consideration can no way
	move the sensible appetite, were it not for the will." Sir M. Hale.
	
	FOR
	For, conj.
	
	1. Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the
	reason of anything.
	And for of long that way had walkéd none, The vault was hid with
	plants and bushes hoar. Fairfax.
	And Heaven defend your good souls, that you think I will your serious
	and great business scant, For she with me. Shak.
	
	2. Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced,
	a cause, motive, explanation, justification, or the like, of an
	action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent
	to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes
	used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what
	has gone before.
	Give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good; for his mercy endureth
	forever. Ps. cxxxvi. 1.
	Heaven doth with us as we with torches do, Not light them for
	themselves; for if our virtues Did not go forth of us, 't were all
	alike As if we had them not. Shak.
	For because, because. [Obs.] "Nor for because they set less store by
	their own citizens." Robynson (More's Utopia).
	 -- For why. (a) Why; for that reason; wherefore. [Obs.] (b) Because.
	[Obs.] See Forwhy.
	
	Syn.
	 -- See Because.
	
	FOR
	For, n.
	
	Defn: One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side;
	that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the
	antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it. The
	fors and against. those in favor and those opposed; the pros and the
	cons; the advantages and the disadvantages. Jane Austen.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  publisher
	PUBLISHER
	Pub"lish*er, n.
	
	Defn: One who publishes; as, a publisher of a book or magazine.
	For love of you, not hate unto my friend, Hath made me publisher of
	this pretense. Shak.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  publishers
	Word not found
	PUBLISHERS

Look up word:  themselves
	THEMSELVES
	Them*selves", pron.
	
	Defn: The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See Himself,
	Herself, Itself.
	

Look up word:  or
	OR
	Or, conj. Etym: [OE. or, outher, other, auther, either, or, AS. aw,
	contr. from ahwæ; a aye + hwæ whether. See Aye, and Whether, and cf.
	Either.]
	
	Defn: A particle that marks an alternative; as, you may read or may
	write, -- that is, you may do one of the things at your pleasure, but
	not both. It corresponds to either. You may ride either to London or
	to Windsor. It often connects a series of words or propositions,
	presenting a choice of either; as, he may study law, or medicine, or
	divinity, or he may enter into trade.
	If man's convenience, health, Or safety interfere, his rights and
	claims Are paramount. Cowper.
	
	Note: Or may be used to join as alternatives terms expressing unlike
	things or ideas (as, is the orange sour or sweet), or different terms
	expressing the same thing or idea; as, this is a sphere, or globe.
	
	Note: Or sometimes begins a sentence. In this case it expresses an
	alternative or subjoins a clause differing from the foregoing. "Or
	what man is there of you, who, if his son shall ask him for a loaf,
	will give him a stone" Matt. vii. 9 (Rev. Ver. ). Or for either is
	archaic or poetic.
	Maugre thine heed, thou must for indigence Or steal, or beg, or
	borrow thy dispence. Chaucer.
	
	OR
	Or, prep. & adv. Etym: [AS. ere, before. sq. root204. See Ere, prep.
	& adv.]
	
	Defn: Ere; before; sooner than. [Obs.]
	But natheless, while I have time and space, Or that I forther in this
	tale pace. Chaucer.
	Or ever, Or ere. See under Ever, and Ere.
	
	OR
	Or, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. aurum gold. Cf. Aureate.] (Her.)
	
	Defn: Yellow or gold color, -- represented in drawing or engraving by
	small dots.
	

Look up word:  even
	EVEN
	E"ven n. Etym: [OE. eve, even, efen, æfen. AS. æfen; akin to OS.
	aband, OFries, avend, D. avond, OHG. aband, Icel. aptan, Sw. afton,
	Dan. aften; of unknown origin. Cf. Eve, Evening.]
	
	Defn: Evening. See Eve, n. 1. [Poetic.] Shak.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, a. Etym: [AS. efen. efn; akin to OS. eban, D. even, OHG. eban,
	G. efen, Icel. jafn, Dan. jevn, Sw. jämn, Goth. ibns. Cf. Anent,
	Ebb.]
	
	1. Level, smooth, or equal in surface; not rough; free from
	irregularities; hence uniform in rate of motion of action; as, even
	ground; an even speed; an even course of conduct.
	
	2. Equable; not easily ruffed or disturbed; calm; uniformly self-
	possessed; as, an even temper.
	
	3. Parallel; on a level; reaching the same limit.
	And shall lay thee even with the ground. Luke xix. 44.
	
	4. Balanced; adjusted; fair; equitable; impartial; just to both side;
	owing nothing on either side; -- said of accounts, bargains, or
	persons indebted; as, our accounts are even; an even bargain.
	To make the even truth in pleasure flow. Shak.
	
	5. Without an irregularity, flaw, or blemish; pure. "I know my life
	so even." Shak.
	
	6. Associate; fellow; of the same condition. [Obs.] "His even
	servant." Wyclif (Matt.
	
	7. Not odd; capable of division by two without a remainder; -- said
	of numbers; as, 4 and 10 are even numbers.
	Whether the number of the stars is even or odd. Jer. Taylor.
	On even ground, with equal advantage.
	 -- On even keel (Naut.), in a level or horizontal position.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Evened; p. pr. & vb. n. Evening]
	
	1. To make even or level; to level; to lay smooth.
	His temple Xerxes evened with the soil. Sir. W. Raleigh.
	It will even all inequalities Evelyn.
	
	2. To equal [Obs.] "To even him in valor." Fuller.
	
	3. To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in
	which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make
	quits. Shak.
	
	4. To set right; to complete.
	
	5. To act up to; to keep pace with. Shak.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, v. i.
	
	Defn: To be equal. [Obs.] R. Carew.
	
	EVEN
	E"ven, adv. Etym: [AS. efne. See Even, a., and cf. E'en.]
	
	1. In an equal or precisely similar manner; equally; precisely; just;
	likewise; as well. "Is it even so" Shak.
	Even so did these Gauls possess the coast. Spenser.
	
	2. Up to, or down to, an unusual measure or level; so much as; fully;
	quite.
	Thou wast a soldier Even to Cato's wish. Shak.
	Without . . . making us even sensible of the change. Swift.
	
	3. As might not be expected; -- serving to introduce what is
	unexpected or less expected.
	I have made several discoveries, which appear new, even to those who
	are versed in critical learning. Addison.
	
	4. At the very time; in the very case.
	I knew they were had enough to please, even when I wrote them.
	Dryden.
	
	Note: Even is sometimes used to emphasize a word or phrase. "I have
	debated even in my soul." Shak.
	By these presence, even the presence of Lord Mortimer. Shak.
	

Look up word:  by
	BY
	By, prep. Etym: [OE. bi, AS. bi, big, near to, by, of, from, after,
	according to; akin to OS.& OFries. bi, be, D. bij, OHG. bi, G. bie,
	Goth. bi, and perh. Gr.. E. prefix be- is orig.the same word. pref.
	Be-.]
	
	1. In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to;
	along with; as, come and sit by me.
	By foundation or by shady rivulet He sought them both. Milton.
	
	2. On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
	Long labors both by sea and land he bore. Dryden.
	By land, by water, they renew the charge. Pope.
	
	3. Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of;
	past; as, to go by a church.
	
	4. Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by
	forty.
	
	5. Against. [Obs.] Tyndale [1. Cor. iv. 4].
	
	6. With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of;
	through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by
	fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
	
	Note: To the meaning of by, as denoting means or agency, belong, more
	or less closely, most of the following uses of the word: (a) It
	points out the author and producer; as, "Waverley", a novel by Sir
	W.Scott; a statue by Canova; a sonata by Beethoven. (b) In an oath or
	adjuration, it indicates the being or thing appealed to as sanction;
	as, I affirm to you by all that is sacred; he swears by his faith as
	a Christian; no, by Heaven. (c) According to; by direction,
	authority, or example of; after; -- in such phrases as, it appears by
	his account; ten o'clock by my watch; to live by rule; a model to
	build by. (d) At the rate of; according to the ratio or proportion
	of; in the measure or quantity of; as, to sell cloth by the yard,
	milk by the quart, eggs by the dozen, meat by the pound; to board by
	the year. (e) In comparison, it denotes the measure of excess or
	deficiency; when anything is increased or diminished, it indicates
	the measure of increase or diminution; as, larger by a half; older by
	five years; to lessen by a third. (f) It expresses continuance or
	duration; during the course of; within the period of; as, by day, by
	night. (g) As soon as; not later than; near or at; -- used in
	expressions of time; as, by this time the sun had risen; he will be
	here by two o'clock.
	
	Note: In boxing the compass, by indicates a pint nearer to, or
	towards, the next cardinal point; as, north by east, i.e., a point
	towards the east from the north; northeast by east, i.e., on point
	nearer the east than northeast is.
	
	Note: With is used instead of by before the instrument with which
	anything is done; as, to beat one with a stick; the board was
	fastened by the carpenter with nails. But there are many words which
	may be regarded as means or processes, or, figuratively, as
	instruments; and whether with or by shall be used with them is a
	matter of arbitrary, and often, of unsettled usage; as, to a reduce a
	town by famine; to consume stubble with fire; he gained his purpose
	by flattery; he entertained them with a story; he distressed us with
	or by a recital of his sufferings. see With. By all means, most
	assuredly; without fail; certainly.
	 -- By and by. (a) Close together (of place). [Obs.] "Two yonge
	knightes liggyng [lying] by and by." Chaucer. (b) Immediately; at
	once. [Obs.] "When . . . persecution ariseth because of the word, by
	and by he is offended." Matt. xiii. 21. (c) Presently; pretty soon;
	before long.
	
	Note: In this phrase, by seems to be used in the sense of nearness in
	time, and to be repeated for the sake of emphasis, and thus to be
	equivalent to "soon, and soon," that is instantly; hence, -- less
	emphatically, -- pretty soon, presently.
	 -- By one's self, with only one's self near; alone; solitary.- By
	the bye. See under Bye.
	 -- By the head (Naut.), having the bows lower than the stern; --
	said of a vessel when her head is lower in the water than her stern.
	If her stern is lower, she is by the stern.
	 -- By the lee, the situation of a vessel, going free, when she has
	fallen off so much as to bring the wind round her stern, and to take
	her sails aback on the other side.
	 -- By the run, to let go by the run, to let go altogether, instead
	of slacking off.
	 -- By the way, by the bye; -- used to introduce an incidental or
	secondary remark or subject. -Day by day, One by one, Piece by piece,
	etc., each day, each one, each piece, etc., by itself singly or
	separately; each severally.
	 -- To come by, to get possession of; to obtain.
	 -- To do by, to treat, to behave toward.
	 -- To set by, to value, to esteem.
	 -- To stand by, to aid, to support.
	
	Note: The common phrase good-by is equivalent to farewell, and would
	be better written good-bye, as it is a corruption of God be with you
	(b'w'ye).
	
	BY
	By, adv.
	
	1. Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at
	the time.
	
	2. Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has
	gone by; a bird flew by.
	
	3. Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
	
	BY
	By, a.
	
	Defn: Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving
	the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or
	collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line,
	by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in
	composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-
	design, by-interest, etc.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  authors
	Word not found
	AUTHORS

Look up word:  Mergers
	Word not found
	MERGERS

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  the
	THE
	The, v. i.
	
	Defn: See Thee. [Obs.] Chaucer. Milton.
	
	THE
	The (the, when emphatic or alone; the, obscure before a vowel; the,
	obscure before a consonant; 37), definite article. Etym: [AS. the, a
	later form for earlier nom. sing. masc. se, formed under the
	influence of the oblique cases. See That, pron.]
	
	Defn: A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their
	meaning.
	
	Note: The was originally a demonstrative pronoun, being a weakened
	form of that. When placed before adjectives and participles, it
	converts them into abstract nouns; as, the sublime and the beautiful.
	Burke. The is used regularly before many proper names, as of rivers,
	oceans, ships, etc.; as, the Nile, the Atlantic, the Great Eastern,
	the West Indies, The Hague. The with an epithet or ordinal number
	often follows a proper name; as, Alexander the Great; Napoleon the
	Third. The may be employed to individualize a particular kind or
	species; as, the grasshopper shall be a burden. Eccl. xii. 5.
	
	THE
	The, adv. Etym: [AS. th\'c7, th\'df, instrumental case of se, seó,
	th\'91t, the definite article. See 2d The.]
	
	Defn: By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used
	before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more
	difficult it is to reform. "Yet not the more cease I." Milton.
	So much the rather thou, Celestial Light, Shine inward, and the mind
	through all her powers Irradiate. Milton.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  manufacturing
	MANUFACTURING
	Man`u*fac"tur*ing, a.
	
	1. Employed, or chiefly employed, in manufacture; as, a manufacturing
	community; a manufacturing town.
	
	2. Pertaining to manufacture; as, manufacturing projects.
	

Look up word:  industry
	INDUSTRY
	In"dus*try, n.; pl. Industries. Etym: [L. industria, cf. industrius
	diligent; of uncertain origin: cf. F. industrie.]
	
	1. Habitual diligence in any employment or pursuit, either bodily or
	mental; steady attention to business; assiduity; -- opposed to sloth
	and idleness; as, industry pays debts, while idleness or despair will
	increase them.
	We are more industrious than our forefathers, because in the present
	times the funds destined for the maintenance of industry are much
	greater in proportion to those which are likely to be employed in the
	maintenance of idleness, than they were two or three centuries ago.
	A. Smith.
	
	2. Any department or branch of art, occupation, or business;
	especially, one which employs much labor and capital and is a
	distinct branch of trade; as, the sugar industry; the iron industry;
	the cotton industry.
	
	3. (Polit. Econ.)
	
	Defn: Human exertion of any kind employed for the creation of value,
	and regarded by some as a species of capital or wealth; labor.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Diligence; assiduity; perseverance; activity; laboriousness;
	attention. See Diligence.
	

Look up word:  mean
	MEAN
	Mean, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Meant; p. pr. & vb. n. Meaning.] Etym: [OE.
	menen, AS. mænan to recite, tell, intend, wish; akin to OS. menian to
	have in mind, mean, D. meenen, G. meinen, OHG. meinan, Icel. meina,
	Sw. mena, Dan. mene, and to E. mind. Mind, and cf. Moan.]
	
	1. To have in the mind, as a purpose, intention, etc.; to intend; to
	purpose; to design; as, what do you mean to do
	What mean ye by this service Ex. xii. 26.
	Ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good. Gen. 1. 20.
	I am not a Spaniard To say that it is yours and not to mean it.
	Longfellow.
	
	2. To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.
	What mean these seven ewe lambs Gen. xxi. 29.
	Go ye, and learn what that me. Matt. ix. 13.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, v. i.
	
	Defn: To have a purpose or intention. [Rare, except in the phrase to
	mean well, or ill.] Shak.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, a. [Compar. Meaner; superl. Meanest.] Etym: [OE. mene, AS. m
	wicked; akin to man, a., wicked, n., wickedness, OS. m wickedness,
	OHG. mein, G. meineid perjury, Icel. mein harm, hurt, and perh. to
	AS. gem common, general, D. gemeen, G. gemein, Goth. gamáins, and L.
	communis. The AS. gem prob. influenced the meaning.]
	
	1. Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.
	"Of mean parentage." Sir P. Sidney.
	The mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself. Is. ii.
	9.
	
	2. Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor;
	spiritless; as, a mean motive.
	Can you imagine I so mean could prove, To save my life by changing of
	my love Dryden.
	
	3. Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard;
	contemptible; despicable.
	The Roman legions and great Cæsar found Our fathers no mean foes. J.
	Philips.
	
	4. Of poor quality; as, mean fare.
	
	5. Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as, mean hospitality.
	
	Note: Mean is sometimes used in the formation of compounds, the sense
	of which is obvious without explanation; as, meanborn, mean-looking,
	etc.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Base; ignoble; abject; beggarly; wretched; degraded; degenerate;
	vulgar; vile; servile; menial; spiritless; groveling; slavish;
	dishonorable; disgraceful; shameful; despicable; contemptible;
	paltry; sordid. See Base.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, a. Etym: [OE. mene, OF. meiien, F. moyen, fr. L. medianus that
	is in the middle, fr. medius; akin to E. mid. See Mid.]
	
	1. Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between
	extremes.
	Being of middle age and a mean stature. Sir. P. Sidney.
	
	2. Intermediate in excellence of any kind.
	According to the fittest style of lofty, mean, or lowly. Milton.
	
	3. (Math.)
	
	Defn: Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes, or
	between the several successive values of a variable quantity during
	one cycle of variation; as, mean distance; mean motion; mean solar
	day. Mean distance (of a planet from the sun) (Astron.), the average
	of the distances throughout one revolution of the planet, equivalent
	to the semi-major axis of the orbit.
	 -- Mean error (Math. Phys.), the average error of a number of
	observations found by taking the mean value of the positive and
	negative errors without regard to sign.
	 -- Mean-square error, or Error of the mean square (Math. Phys.), the
	error the square of which is the mean of the squares of all the
	errors; -- called also, especially by European writers, mean error.
	 -- Mean line. (Crystallog.) Same as Bisectrix.
	 -- Mean noon, noon as determined by mean time.
	 -- Mean proportional (between two numbers) (Math.), the square root
	of their product.
	 -- Mean sun, a fictitious sun supposed to move uniformly in the
	equator so as to be on the meridian each day at mean noon.
	 -- Mean time, time as measured by an equable motion, as of a perfect
	clock, or as reckoned on the supposition that all the days of the
	year are of a mean or uniform length, in contradistinction from
	apparent time, or that actually indicated by the sun, and from
	sidereal time, or that measured by the stars.
	
	MEAN
	Mean, n.
	
	1. That which is mean, or intermediate, between two extremes of
	place, time, or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or
	degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess;
	moderation; measure.
	But to speak in a mean, the virtue of prosperity is temperance; the
	virtue of adversity is fortitude. Bacon.
	There is a mean in all things. Dryden.
	The extremes we have mentioned, between which the wellinstracted
	Christian holds the mean, are correlatives. I. Taylor.
	
	2. (Math.)
	
	Defn: A quantity having an intermediate value between several others,
	from which it is derived, and of which it expresses the resultant
	value; usually, unless otherwise specified, it is the simple average,
	formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their
	number, which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is
	the square root of the product of the quantities.
	
	3. That through which, or by the help of which, an end is attained;
	something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or
	measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.
	Their virtuous conversation was a mean to work the conversion of the
	heathen to Christ. Hooker.
	You may be able, by this mean, to review your own scientific
	acquirements. Coleridge.
	Philosophical doubt is not an end, but a mean. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	Note: In this sense the word is usually employed in the plural form
	means, and often with a singular attribute or predicate, as if a
	singular noun.
	By this means he had them more at vantage. Bacon.
	What other means is left unto us. Shak.
	
	4. pl.
	
	Defn: Hence: Resources; property, revenue, or the like, considered as
	the condition of easy livelihood, or an instrumentality at command
	for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.
	Your means are very slender, and your waste is great. Shak.
	
	5. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: A part, whether alto or tenor, intermediate between the soprano
	and base; a middle part. [Obs.]
	The mean is drowned with your unruly base. Shak.
	
	6. Meantime; meanwhile. [Obs.] Spenser.
	
	7. A mediator; a go-between. [Obs.] Piers Plowman.
	He wooeth her by means and by brokage. Chaucer.
	By all means, certainly; without fail; as, go, by all means.
	 -- By any means, in any way; possibly; at all.
	If by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead. Phil.
	iii. ll.
	-- By no means, or By no manner of means, not at all; certainly not;
	not in any degree.
	The wine on this side of the lake is by no means so good as that on
	the other. Addison.
	

Look up word:  that
	THAT
	That, pron., a., conj., & adv. Etym: [AS. th\'91t, neuter nom. & acc.
	sing. of the article (originally a demonstrative pronoun). The nom.
	masc. se, and the nom. fem. seó are from a different root. AS.
	th\'91t is akin to D. dat, G. das, OHG. daz, Sw. & Dan. det, Icel.
	Þat (masc. sa, fem. so), Goth. Þata (masc. sa, fem. so), Gr. tat (for
	tad, masc. sas, fem. sa); cf. L. istud that. *184. Cf. The, Their,
	They, Them, This, Than, Since.]
	
	1. As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out,
	or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to
	be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to
	which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the
	basket are good apples.
	The early fame of Gratian was equal to that of the most celebrated
	princes. Gibbon.
	
	Note: That may refer to an entire sentence or paragraph, and not
	merely to a word. It usually follows, but sometimes precedes, the
	sentence referred to.
	That be far from thee, to do after this manner, to slay the righteous
	with the wicked. Gen. xviii. 25.
	And when Moses heard that, he was content. Lev. x. 20.
	I will know your business, Harry, that I will. Shak.
	
	Note: That is often used in opposition to this, or by way of
	distinction, and in such cases this, like the Latin hic and French
	ceci, generally refers to that which is nearer, and that, like Latin
	ille and French cela, to that which is more remote. When they refer
	to foreign words or phrases, this generally refers to the latter, and
	that to the former.
	Two principles in human nature reign; Self-love, to urge, and Reason,
	to restrain; Nor this a good, nor that a bad we call. Pope.
	If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this or that. James iv. 16.
	
	2. As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the
	pronoun, but is followed by a noun.
	It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of
	judgment, than for that city. Matt. x. 15.
	The woman was made whole from that hour. Matt. ix. 22.
	
	Note: That was formerly sometimes used with the force of the article
	the, especially in the phrases that one, that other, which were
	subsequently corrupted into th'tone, th'tother (now written t'other).
	Upon a day out riden knightes two . . . That one of them came home,
	that other not. Chaucer.
	
	3. As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving
	to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or
	alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural.
	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame. Prov. ix. 7.
	A judgment that is equal and impartial must incline to the greater
	probabilities. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	Note: If the relative clause simply conveys an additional idea, and
	is not properly explanatory or restrictive, who or which (rarely
	that) is employed; as, the king that (or who) rules well is generally
	popular; Victoria, who (not that) rules well, enjoys the confidence
	of her subjects. Ambiguity may in some cases be avoided in the use of
	that (which is restrictive) instead of who or which, likely to be
	understood in a coördinating sense. Bain. That was formerly used for
	that which, as what is now; but such use is now archaic.
	We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen. John iii.
	11.
	That I have done it is thyself to wite [blame]. Chaucer.
	That, as a relative pronoun, cannot be governed by a preposition
	preceding it, but may be governed by one at the end of the sentence
	which it commences.
	The ship that somebody was sailing in. Sir W. Scott.
	In Old English, that was often used with the demonstratives he, his,
	him, etc., and the two together had the force of a relative pronoun;
	thus, that he = who; that his = whose; that him = whom.
	I saw to-day a corpse yborn to church That now on Monday last I saw
	him wirche [work]. Chaucer.
	Formerly, that was used, where we now commonly use which, as a
	relative pronoun with the demonstrative pronoun that as its
	antecedent.
	That that dieth, let it die; and that that is to cut off, let it be
	cut off. Zech. xi. 9.
	
	4. As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a
	demonstrative pronoun. It is used, specifically: --
	(a) To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding
	verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb.
	She tells them 't is a causeless fantasy, And childish error, that
	they are afraid. Shak.
	I have shewed before, that a mere possibility to the contrary, can by
	no means hinder a thing from being highly credible. Bp. Wilkins.
	
	(b) To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in
	that, for the reason that, because.
	He does hear me; And that he does, I weep. Shak.
	
	(c) To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and
	frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc.
	These things I say, that ye might be saved. John v. 34.
	To the end that he may prolong his days. Deut. xvii. 20.
	
	(d) To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually
	preceded by so or such, sometimes by that.
	The birds their notes renew, and bleating herds Attest their joy,
	that hill and valley rings. Milton.
	He gazed so long That both his eyes were dazzled. Tennyson.
	(e) To introduce a clause denoting time; -- equivalent to in which
	time, at which time, when.
	So wept Duessa until eventide, That shining lamps in Jove's high
	course were lit. Spenser.
	Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice
	Shak.
	
	(f) In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence
	expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like.
	Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knight and I
	have seen! Shak.
	O God, that right should thus overcome might! Shak.
	
	Note: That was formerly added to other conjunctions or to adverbs to
	make them emphatic.
	To try if that our own be ours or no. Shak.
	That is sometimes used to connect a clause with a preceding
	conjunction on which it depends.
	When he had carried Rome and that we looked For no less spoil than
	glory. Shak.
	
	5. As adverb: To such a degree; so; as, he was that frightened he
	could say nothing. [Archaic or in illiteral use.] All that,
	everything of that kind; all that sort.
	With singing, laughing, ogling, and all that. Pope.
	The rank is but the guinea's stamp, The man's the gowd [gold] for
	a'that. Burns.
	-- For that. See under For, prep.
	 -- In that. See under In, prep.
	

Look up word:  it
	IT
	It, pron. Etym: [OE. it, hit, AS. hit; cf. D. het. sq. root181. See
	He.]
	
	Defn: The neuter pronoun of the third person, corresponding to the
	masculine pronoun he and the feminine she, and having the same plural
	(they, their of theirs, them).
	
	Note: The possessive form its is modern, being rarely found in the
	writings of Shakespeare and Milton, and not at all in the original
	King James's version of the Bible. During the transition from the
	regular his to the anomalous its, it was to some extent employed in
	the possessive without the case ending. See His, and He. In Dryden's
	time its had become quite established as the regular form.
	The day present hath ever inough to do with it owne grief. Genevan
	Test.
	Do, child, go to it grandam, child. Shak.
	It knighthood shall do worse. It shall fright all it friends with
	borrowing letters. B. Jonson.
	
	Note: In the course of time, the nature of the neuter sign i in it,
	the form being found in but a few words, became misunderstood.
	Instead of being looked upon as an affix, it passed for part of the
	original word. Hence was formed from it the anomalous genitive it,
	superseding the Saxon his. Latham.
	The fruit tree yielding fruit after his (its) kind. Gen. i. 11.
	It is used, --
	
	1. As a substance for any noun of the neuter gender; as, here is the
	book, take it home.
	
	2. As a demonstrative, especially at the beginning of a sentence,
	pointing to that which is about to be stated, named, or mentioned, or
	referring to that which apparent or well known; as, I saw it was
	John.
	It is I; be not afraid. Matt. xiv. 27.
	Peter heard that it was the Lord. John xxi. 7.
	Often, in such cases, as a substitute for a sentence or clause; as,
	it is thought he will come; it is wrong to do this.
	
	3. As an indefinite nominative for a impersonal verb; as, it snows;
	it rains.
	
	4. As a substitute for such general terms as, the state of affairs,
	the condition of things, and the like; as, how is it with the sick
	man
	Think on me when it shall be well with thee. Gen. xl. 14.
	
	5. As an indefinite object after some intransitive verbs, or after a
	substantive used humorously as a verb; as, to foot it (i. e., to
	walk).
	The Lacedemonians, at the Straits of Thermopylæ, when their arms
	failed them, fought it out with nails and teeth. Dryden.
	Whether the charmer sinner it, or saint it, If folly grows romantic,
	I must paint it. Pope.
	Its self. See Itself.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  now
	NOW
	Now, adv. Etym: [OE. nou, nu, AS. nu, nu; akin to D., OS., & OHG. nu,
	G. nu, nun, Icel., nu, Dan., Sw., & Goth. nu, L. nunc, Gr. nu, nu.
	*193. Cf. New.]
	
	1. At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking;
	instantly; as, I will write now.
	I have a patient now living, at an advanced age, who discharged blood
	from his lungs thirty years ago. Arbuthnot.
	
	2. Very lately; not long ago.
	They that but now, for honor and for plate, Made the sea blush with
	blood, resign their hate. Waller.
	
	3. At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or
	contemplated; at a particular time referred to.
	The ship was now in the midst of the sea. Matt. xiv. 24.
	
	4. In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used
	as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an
	explanation.
	How shall any man distinguish now betwixt a parasite and a man of
	honor L'Estrange.
	Why should he live, now nature bankrupt is Shak.
	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now,
	Barabbas was a robber. John xviii. 40.
	The other great and undoing mischief which befalls men is, by their
	being misrepresented. Now, by calling evil good, a man is
	misrepresented to others in the way of slander. South.
	Now and again, now and then; occasionally.
	 -- Now and now, again and again; repeatedly. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	 -- Now and then, at one time and another; indefinitely;
	occasionally; not often; at intervals. "A mead here, there a heath,
	and now and then a wood." Drayton.
	 -- Now now, at this very instant; precisely now. [Obs.] "Why, even
	now now, at holding up of this finger, and before the turning down of
	this." J. Webster (1607).
	 -- Now . . . now, alternately; at one time . . . at another time.
	"Now high, now low, now master up, now miss." Pope.
	
	NOW
	Now, a.
	
	Defn: Existing at the present time; present. [R.] "Our now
	happiness." Glanvill.
	
	NOW
	Now, n.
	
	Defn: The present time or moment; the present.
	Nothing is there to come, and nothing past; But an eternal now does
	ever last. Cowley.
	

Look up word:  unusual
	UNUSUAL
	Un*u"su*al, a.
	
	Defn: Not usual; uncommon; rare; as, an unusual season; a person of
	unusual grace or erudition.
	 -- Un*u"su*al*ly, adv.
	 -- Un*u"su*al*ness, n.
	

Look up word:  to
	TO
	To (emphatic or alone, obscure or unemphatic), prep. Etym: [AS. to;
	akin to OS. & OFries. to, D. toe, G. zu, OHG. zuo, zua, zo, Russ. do,
	Ir. & Gael. do, OL. -do, -du, as in endo, indu, in, Gr. Too, Tatoo a
	beat of drums.]
	
	1. The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival,
	motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it,
	access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement
	toward; -- opposed to Ant: from. "To Canterbury they wend." Chaucer.
	Stay with us, go not to Wittenberg. Shak.
	So to the sylvan lodge They came, that like Pomona's arbor smiled.
	Milton.
	I'll to him again, . . . He'll tell me all his purpose. She stretched
	her arms to heaven. Dryden.
	
	2. Hence, it indicates motion, course, or tendency toward a time, a
	state or condition, an aim, or anything capable of being regarded as
	a limit to a tendency, movement, or action; as, he is going to a
	trade; he is rising to wealth and honor.
	
	Note: Formerly, by omission of the verb denoting motion, to sometimes
	followed a form of be, with the sense of at, or in. "When the sun was
	[gone or declined] to rest." Chaucer.
	
	3. In a very general way, and with innumerable varieties of
	application, to connects transitive verbs with their remoter or
	indirect object, and adjectives, nouns, and neuter or passive verbs
	with a following noun which limits their action. Its sphere verges
	upon that of for, but it contains less the idea of design or
	appropriation; as, these remarks were addressed to a large audience;
	let us keep this seat to ourselves; a substance sweet to the taste;
	an event painful to the mind; duty to God and to our parents; a
	dislike to spirituous liquor.
	Marks and points out each man of us to slaughter. B. Jonson.
	Whilst they, distilled Almost to jelly with the act of fear, Stand
	dumb and speak not to him. Shak.
	Add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge; and to knowledge
	temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
	and to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness
	charity. 2 Pet. i. 5,6,7.
	I have a king's oath to the contrary. Shak.
	Numbers were crowded to death. Clarendon.
	Fate and the dooming gods are deaf to tears. Dryden.
	Go, buckle to the law. Dryden.
	
	4. As sign of the infinitive, to had originally the use of last
	defined, governing the infinitive as a verbal noun, and connecting it
	as indirect object with a preceding verb or adjective; thus, ready to
	go, i.e., ready unto going; good to eat, i.e., good for eating; I do
	my utmost to lead my life pleasantly. But it has come to be the
	almost constant prefix to the infinitive, even in situations where it
	has no prepositional meaning, as where the infinitive is direct
	object or subject; thus, I love to learn, i.e., I love learning; to
	die for one's country is noble, i.e., the dying for one's country.
	Where the infinitive denotes the design or purpose, good usage
	formerly allowed the prefixing of for to the to; as, what went ye out
	for see (Matt. xi. 8).
	Then longen folk to go on pilgrimages, And palmers for to seeken
	strange stranders. Chaucer.
	
	Note: Such usage is now obsolete or illiterate. In colloquial usage,
	to often stands for, and supplies, an infinitive already mentioned;
	thus, he commands me to go with him, but I do not wish to.
	
	5. In many phrases, and in connection with many other words, to has a
	pregnant meaning, or is used elliptically. Thus, it denotes or
	implies:
	(a) Extent; limit; degree of comprehension; inclusion as far as; as,
	they met us to the number of three hundred.
	We ready are to try our fortunes To the last man. Shak.
	Few of the Esquimaux can count to ten. Quant. Rev.
	
	(b) Effect; end; consequence; as, the prince was flattered to his
	ruin; he engaged in a war to his cost; violent factions exist to the
	prejudice of the state.
	(c) Apposition; connection; antithesis; opposition; as, they engaged
	hand to hand.
	Now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face. 1 Cor.
	xiii. 12.
	
	(d) Accord; adaptation; as, an occupation to his taste; she has a
	husband to her mind.
	He to God's image, she to his was made. Dryden.
	
	(e) Comparison; as, three is to nine as nine is to twenty-seven; it
	is ten to one that you will offend him.
	All that they did was piety to this. B. Jonson.
	
	(f) Addition; union; accumulation.
	Wisdom he has, and to his wisdom, courage. Denham.
	
	(g) Accompaniment; as, she sang to his guitar; they danced to the
	music of a piano.
	Anon they move In perfect phalanx to the Dorian mood Of flutes and
	soft recorders. Milton.
	
	(h) Character; condition of being; purpose subserved or office
	filled. [In this sense archaic] "I have a king here to my flatterer."
	Shak.
	Made his masters and others . . . to consider him to a little wonder.
	Walton.
	
	Note: To in to-day, to-night, and to-morrow has the sense or force of
	for or on; for, or on, (this) day, for, or on, (this) night, for, or
	on, (the) morrow. To-day, to-night, to-morrow may be considered as
	compounds, and usually as adverbs; but they are sometimes used as
	nouns; as, to-day is ours.
	To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow; Creeps in this petty pace
	from day to day. Shak.
	To and again, to and fro. [R.] -- To and fro, forward and back. In
	this phrase, to is adverbial.
	There was great showing both to and fro. Chaucer.
	-- To-and-fro, a pacing backward and forward; as, to commence a to-
	and-fro. Tennyson.
	 -- To the face, in front of; in behind; hence, in the presence of.
	 -- To wit, to know; namely. See Wit, v. i.
	
	Note: To, without an object expressed, is used adverbially; as, put
	to the door, i. e., put the door to its frame, close it; and in the
	nautical expressions, to heave to, to come to, meaning to a certain
	position. To, like on, is sometimes used as a command, forward, set
	to. "To, Achilles! to, Ajax! to!" Shak.
	

Look up word:  find
	FIND
	Find, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Found; p. pr. & vb. n. Finding.] Etym: [AS.
	findan; akin to D. vinden, OS. & OHG. findan, G. finden, Dan. finde,
	icel. & Sw. finna, Goth. fin; and perh. to L. petere to seek, Gr. pat
	to fall, fly, E. petition.]
	
	1. To meet with, or light upon, accidentally; to gain the first sight
	or knowledge of, as of something new, or unknown; hence, to fall in
	with, as a person.
	Searching the window for a flint, I found This paper, thus sealed up.
	Shak.
	In woods and forests thou art found. Cowley.
	
	2. To learn by experience or trial; to perceive; to experience; to
	discover by the intellect or the feelings; to detect; to feel. "I
	find you passing gentle." Shak.
	The torrid zone is now found habitable. Cowley.
	
	3. To come upon by seeking; as, to find something lost.
	(a) To discover by sounding; as, to find bottom.
	(b) To discover by study or experiment direct to an object or end;
	as, water is found to be a compound substance.
	(c) To gain, as the object of desire or effort; as, to find leisure;
	to find means.
	(d) To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire.
	Seek, and ye shall find. Matt. vii. 7.
	Every mountain now hath found a tongue. Byron.
	
	4. To provide for; to supply; to furnish; as, to find food for
	workemen; he finds his nephew in money.
	Wages £14 and all found. London Times.
	Nothing a day and find yourself. Dickens.
	
	5. To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish;
	as, to find a verdict; to find a true bill (of indictment) against an
	accused person.
	To find his title with some shows of truth. Shak.
	To find out, to detect (a thief); to discover (a secret) -- to solve
	or unriddle (a parable or enigma); to understand. "Canst thou by
	searching find out God" Job. xi. 7. "We do hope to find out all your
	tricks." Milton.
	 -- To find fault with, to blame; to censure.
	 -- To find one's self, to be; to fare; -- often used in speaking of
	health; as, how do you find yourself this morning
	
	FIND
	Find, v. i. (Law)
	
	Defn: To determine an issue of fact, and to declare such a
	determination to a court; as, the jury find for the plaintiff.
	Burrill.
	
	FIND
	Find, n.
	
	Defn: Anything found; a discovery of anything valuable; especially, a
	deposit, discovered by archæologists, of objects of prehistoric or
	unknown origin.
	

Look up word:  a
	A
	A (named a in the English, and most commonly ä in other languages).
	
	Defn: The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
	The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also
	the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter,
	etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from
	the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first
	letter (Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a
	consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an
	element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent
	their vowel Alpha with the ä sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no
	vowel symbols. This letter, in English, is used for several different
	vowel sounds. See Guide to pronunciation, §§ 43-74. The regular long
	a, as in fate, etc., is a comparatively modern sound, and has taken
	the place of what, till about the early part of the 17th century, was
	a sound of the quality of ä (as in far).
	
	2. (Mus.)
	
	Defn: The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in
	C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the
	scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A
	in the treble staff.
	 -- A sharp (A#) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A
	and B.
	 -- A flat (A) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
	
	A per se Etym: (L. per se by itself), one preëminent; a nonesuch.
	[Obs.]
	O fair Creseide, the flower and A per se Of Troy and Greece. Chaucer.
	
	A
	A (# emph. #).
	
	1. Etym: [Shortened form of an. AS. an one. See One.]
	
	Defn: An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and
	signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
	
	Defn: "At a birth"; "In a word"; "At a blow". Shak.
	
	Note: It is placed before nouns of the singular number denoting an
	individual object, or a quality individualized, before collective
	nouns, and also before plural nouns when the adjective few or the
	phrase great many or good many is interposed; as, a dog, a house, a
	man; a color; a sweetness; a hundred, a fleet, a regiment; a few
	persons, a great many days. It is used for an, for the sake of
	euphony, before words beginning with a consonant sound [for exception
	of certain words beginning with h, see An]; as, a table, a woman, a
	year, a unit, a eulogy, a ewe, a oneness, such a one, etc. Formally
	an was used both before vowels and consonants.
	
	2. Etym: [Originally the preposition a (an, on).]
	
	Defn: In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred
	pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
	
	A
	A, prep. Etym: [Abbreviated form of an (AS. on). See On.]
	
	1. In; on; at; by. [Obs.] "A God's name." "Torn a pieces." "Stand a
	tiptoe." "A Sundays" Shak. "Wit that men have now a days." Chaucer.
	"Set them a work." Robynson (More's Utopia)
	
	2. In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal
	substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a
	shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel
	sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging. "Jacob, when he was a
	dying" Heb. xi. 21. "We'll a birding together." " It was a doing."
	Shak. "He burst out a laughing." Macaulay. The hyphen may be used to
	connect a with the verbal substantive (as, a-hunting, a-building) or
	the words may be written separately. This form of expression is now
	for the most part obsolete, the a being omitted and the verbal
	substantive treated as a participle.
	
	A
	A. Etym: [From AS. of off, from. See Of.]
	
	Defn: Of. [Obs.] "The name of John a Gaunt." "What time a day is it "
	Shak. "It's six a clock." B. Jonson.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and
	of they. "So would I a done" "A brushes his hat." Shak.
	
	A
	A.
	
	Defn: An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
	A merry heart goes all the day, Your sad tires in a mile-a. Shak.
	
	A-
	A-
	
	Defn: A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various
	sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of
	AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep,
	aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble,
	etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofdüne off the dun or
	hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an
	intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in
	arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS.
	inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-),
	which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in
	aware. (5) French à (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab,
	abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix a without, or
	privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
	
	Note: Besides these, there are other sources from which the prefix a
	takes its origin.
	
	A 1
	A 1. A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships
	in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A
	3.
	
	Note: A 1 is also applied colloquially to other things to imply
	superiority; prime; first-class; first-rate.
	

Look up word:  bindery
	BINDERY
	Bind"er*y, n.
	
	Defn: A place where books, or other articles, are bound; a
	bookbinder's establishment.
	

Look up word:  which
	WHICH
	Which, pron. Etym: [OE. which, whilk, AS. hwilc, hwylc, hwelc, from
	the root of hwa who + lic body; hence properly, of what sort or kind;
	akin to OS. hwilik which, OFries. hwelik, D. welk, G. welch, OHG.
	welih, hwelih, Icel. hvilikr, Dan. & Sw. hvilken, Goth. hwileiks,
	hwleiks; cf. L. qualis. Who, and Like, a., and cf. Such.]
	
	1. Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who. [Obs.]
	And which they weren and of what degree. Chaucer.
	
	2. A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively,
	and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an
	individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is
	it which woman was it which is the house he asked which route he
	should take; which is best, to live or to die See the Note under
	What, pron., 1.
	Which of you convinceth me of sin John viii. 46.
	
	3. A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun
	or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or
	implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally
	involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It
	is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons.
	And when thou fail'st -- as God forbid the hour! --Must Edward fall,
	which peril heaven forfend! Shak.
	God . . . rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had
	made. Gen. ii. 2.
	Our Father, which art in heaven. Matt. vi. 9.
	The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. 1 Cor. iii. 17.
	
	4. A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one
	which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the
	like; as, take which you will.
	
	Note: The which was formerly often used for which. The expressions
	which that, which as, were also sometimes used by way of emphasis.
	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called
	James ii. 7.
	
	Note: Which, referring to a series of preceding sentences, or members
	of a sentence, may have all joined to it adjectively. "All which, as
	a method of a proclamation, is very convenient." Carlyle.
	
	WHICHEVER; WHICHSOEVER
	Which*ev"er, Which`so*ev"er, pron. & a.
	
	Defn: Whether one or another; whether one or the other; which; that
	one (of two or more) which; as, whichever road you take, it will lead
	you to town.
	
	WHIDAH BIRD
	Whid"ah bird`, (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Any one of several species of finchlike birds belonging to the
	genus Vidua, native of Asia and Africa. In the breeding season the
	male has very long, drooping tail feathers. Called also vida finch,
	whidah finch, whydah bird, whydah finch, widow bird, and widow finch.
	
	Note: Some of the species are often kept as cage birds, especially
	Vidua paradisea, which is dark brownish above, pale buff beneath,
	with a reddish collar around the neck.
	

Look up word:  is
	IS
	Is, v. i. Etym: [AS. is; akin to G. & Goth. ist, L. est, Gr. asti. .
	Cf. Am, Entity, Essence, Absent.]
	
	Defn: The third person singular of the substantive verb be, in the
	indicative mood, present tense; as, he is; he is a man. See Be.
	
	Note: In some varieties of the Northern dialect of Old English, is
	was used for all persons of the singular.
	For thy is I come, and eke Alain. Chaucer.
	Aye is thou merry. Chaucer.
	
	Note: The idiom of using the present for future events sure to happen
	is a relic of Old English in which the present and future had the
	same form; as, this year Christmas is on Friday.
	To-morrow is the new moon. 1 Sam. xx. 5.
	
	ISABEL; ISABEL COLOR
	Is"a*bel, n., Is"a*bel col"or.Etym: [F. isabelle.]
	
	Defn: See Isabella.
	
	ISABELLA; ISABELLA COLOR
	Is`a*bel"la, n., Is`a*bel"la col"or. Etym: [Said to be named from the
	Spanish princess Isabella, daughter of king Philip II., in allusion
	to the color assumed by her shift, which she wore without change from
	1601 to 1604, in consequence of a vow made by her.]
	
	Defn: A brownish yellow color.
	
	ISABELLA GRAPE
	Is`a*bel"la grape`. (Bot.)
	
	Defn: A favorite sweet American grape of a purple color. See Fox
	grape, under Fox.
	
	ISABELLA MOTH
	Is`a*bel"la moth`. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: A common American moth (Pyrrharctia isabella), of an isabella
	color. The larva, called woolly bear and hedgehog caterpillar, is
	densely covered with hairs, which are black at each end of the body,
	and red in the middle part.
	

Look up word:  not
	NOT
	Not. Etym: [Contr. from ne wot. See 2d Note.]
	
	Defn: Wot not; know not; knows not. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	NOT
	Not, a.
	
	Defn: Shorn; shaven. [Obs.] See Nott.
	
	NOT
	Not, adv. Etym: [OE. not, noht, nought, naught, the same word as E.
	naught. See Naught.]
	
	Defn: A word used to express negation, prohibition, denial, or
	refusal.
	Not one word spake he more than was need. Chaucer.
	Thou shalt not steal. Ex. xx. 15.
	Thine eyes are upon me, and I am not. Job vii. 8.
	The question is, may I do it, or may I not do it Bp. Sanderson.
	Not . . . but, or Not but, only. [Obs. or Colloq.] Chaucer.
	

Look up word:  also
	ALSO
	Al"so, adv. & conj. Etym: [All + so. OE. al so, AS. ealswa, alsw,
	ælswæ; eal, al, æl, all + swa so. See All, So, As.]
	
	1. In like manner; likewise. [Obs.]
	
	2. In addition; besides; as well; further; too.
	Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven . . . for where your
	treasure is, there will your heart be also. Matt. vi. 20.
	
	3. Even as; as; so. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Also, Likewise, Too. These words are used by way of transition,
	in leaving one thought and passing to another. Also is the widest
	term. It denotes that what follows is all so, or entirely like that
	which preceded, or may be affirmed with the same truth; as, "If you
	were there, I was there also;" "If our situation has some
	discomforts, it has also many sources of enjoyment." Too is simply
	less formal and pointed than also; it marks the transition with a
	lighter touch; as, "I was there too;" "a courtier yet a patriot too."
	Pope. Likewise denotes literally "in like manner," and hence has been
	thought by some to be more specific than also. "It implies," says
	Whately, "some connection or agreement between the words it unites.
	We may say, ` He is a poet, and likewise a musician; ' but we should
	not say, ` He is a prince, and likewise a musician,' because there is
	no natural connection between these qualities." This distinction,
	however, is often disregarded.
	

Look up word:  involved
	INVOLVED
	In*volved", a. (Zoöl.)
	
	Defn: Same as Involute.
	

Look up word:  in
	IN
	In, prep. Etym: [AS. in; akin to D. & G. in, Icel. i, Sw. & Dan. i,
	OIr. & L. in, Gr. In-, Inn.]
	
	Defn: The specific signification of in is situation or place with
	respect to surrounding, environment, encompassment, etc. It is used
	with verbs signifying being, resting, or moving within limits, or
	within circumstances or conditions of any kind conceived of as
	limiting, confining, or investing, either wholly or in part. In its
	different applications, it approaches some of the meanings of, and
	sometimes is interchangeable with, within, into, on, at, of, and
	among. It is used: --
	
	1. With reference to space or place; as, he lives in Boston; he
	traveled in Italy; castles in the air.
	The babe lying in a manger. Luke ii. 16.
	Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west. Shak.
	Situated in the forty-first degree of latitude. Gibbon.
	Matter for censure in every page. Macaulay.
	
	2. With reference to circumstances or conditions; as, he is in
	difficulties; she stood in a blaze of light. "Fettered in amorous
	chains." Shak.
	Wrapt in sweet sounds, as in bright veils. Shelley.
	
	3. With reference to a whole which includes or comprises the part
	spoken of; as, the first in his family; the first regiment in the
	army.
	Nine in ten of those who enter the ministry. Swift.
	
	4. With reference to physical surrounding, personal states, etc.,
	abstractly denoted; as, I am in doubt; the room is in darkness; to
	live in fear.
	When shall we three meet again, In thunder, lightning, or in rain
	Shak.
	
	5. With reference to character, reach, scope, or influence considered
	as establishing a limitation; as, to be in one's favor. "In sight of
	God's high throne." Milton.
	Sounds inharmonious in themselves, and harsh. Cowper.
	
	6. With reference to movement or tendency toward a certain limit or
	environment; -- sometimes equivalent to into; as, to put seed in the
	ground; to fall in love; to end in death; to put our trust in God.
	He would not plunge his brother in despair. Addison.
	She had no jewels to deposit in their caskets. Fielding.
	
	7. With reference to a limit of time; as, in an hour; it happened in
	the last century; in all my life. In as much as, or Inasmuch as, in
	the degree that; in like manner as; in consideration that; because
	that; since. See Synonym of Because, and cf. For as much as, under
	For, prep.
	 -- In that, because; for the reason that. "Some things they do in
	that they are men . . . ; some things in that they are men misled and
	blinded with error." Hooker.
	 -- In the name of, in behalf of; on the part of; by authority; as,
	it was done in the name of the people; -- often used in invocation,
	swearing, praying, and the like.
	 -- To be in for it. (a) To be in favor of a thing; to be committed
	to a course. (b) To be unable to escape from a danger, penalty, etc.
	[Colloq.] -- To be (or keep) in with. (a) To be close or near; as, to
	keep a ship in with the land. (b) To be on terms of friendship,
	familiarity, or intimacy with; to secure and retain the favor of.
	[Colloq.]
	
	Syn.
	 -- Into; within; on; at. See At.
	
	IN
	In, adv.
	
	1. Not out; within; inside. In, the preposition, becomes an adverb by
	omission of its object, leaving it as the representative of an
	adverbial phrase, the context indicating what the omitted object is;
	as, he takes in the situation (i. e., he comprehends it in his mind);
	the Republicans were in (i. e., in office); in at one ear and out at
	the other (i. e., in or into the head); his side was in (i. e., in
	the turn at the bat); he came in (i. e., into the house).
	Their vacation . . . falls in so pat with ours. Lamb.
	
	Note: The sails of a vessel are said, in nautical language, to be in
	when they are furled, or when stowed. In certain cases in has an
	adjectival sense; as, the in train (i. e., the incoming train);
	compare up grade, down grade, undertow, afterthought, etc.
	
	2. (Law)
	
	Defn: With privilege or possession; -- used to denote a holding,
	possession, or seisin; as, in by descent; in by purchase; in of the
	seisin of her husband. Burrill. In and in breeding. See under
	Breeding.
	 -- In and out (Naut.), through and through; -- said of a through
	bolt in a ship's side. Knight.
	 -- To be in, to be at home; as, Mrs. A. is in.
	 -- To come in. See under Come.
	
	IN
	In, n.
	
	Note: [Usually in the plural.]
	
	1. One who is in office; -- the opposite of Ant: out.
	
	2. A reëntrant angle; a nook or corner. Ins and outs, nooks and
	corners; twists and turns.
	All the ins and outs of this neighborhood. D. Jerrold.
	
	IN
	In, v. t.
	
	Defn: To inclose; to take in; to harvest. [Obs.]
	He that ears my land spares my team and gives me leave to in the
	crop. Shak.
	

Look up word:  book
	BOOK
	Book, n. Etym: [OE. book, bok, AS. b; akin to Goth. b a letter, in
	pl. book, writing, Icel. b, Sw. bok, Dan. bog, OS. b, D. boek, OHG.
	puoh, G. buch; and fr. AS. b, b, beech; because the ancient Saxons
	and Germans in general wrote runes on pieces of beechen board. Cf.
	Beech.]
	
	1. A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank,
	written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound
	sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
	
	Note: When blank, it is called a blank book. When printed, the term
	often distinguishes a bound volume, or a volume of some size, from a
	pamphlet.
	
	Note: It has been held that, under the copyright law, a book is not
	necessarily a volume made of many sheets bound together; it may be
	printed on a single sheet, as music or a diagram of patterns. Abbott.
	
	2. A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
	A good book is the precious life blood of a master spirit, embalmed
	and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life. Milton.
	
	3. A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the
	tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
	
	4. A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a
	register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
	
	5. Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain
	other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
	
	Note: Book is used adjectively or as a part of many compounds; as,
	book buyer, bookrack, book club, book lore, book sale, book trade,
	memorandum book, cashbook. Book account, an account or register of
	debt or credit in a book.
	 -- Book debt, a debt for items charged to the debtor by the creditor
	in his book of accounts.
	 -- Book learning, learning acquired from books, as distinguished
	from practical knowledge. "Neither does it so much require book
	learning and scholarship, as good natural sense, to distinguish true
	and false." Burnet.
	 -- Book louse (Zoöl.), one of several species of minute, wingless
	insects injurious to books and papers. They belong to the
	Pseudoneuroptera.
	 -- Book moth (Zoöl.), the name of several species of moths, the
	larvæ of which eat books.
	 -- Book oath, an oath made on The Book, or Bible.
	 -- The Book of Books, the Bible.
	 -- Book post, a system under which books, bulky manuscripts, etc.,
	may be transmitted by mail.
	 -- Book scorpion (Zoöl.), one of the false scorpions (Chelifer
	cancroides) found among books and papers. It can run sidewise and
	backward, and feeds on small insects.
	 -- Book stall, a stand or stall, often in the open air, for
	retailing books.
	 -- Canonical books. See Canonical.
	 -- In one's books, in one's favor. "I was so much in his books, that
	at his decease he left me his lamp." Addison.
	 -- To bring to book. (a) To compel to give an account. (b) To
	compare with an admitted authority. "To bring it manifestly to book
	is impossible." M. Arnold.
	 -- To course by bell, book, and candle. See under Bell.
	 -- To make a book (Horse Racing), to lay bets (recorded in a pocket
	book) against the success of every horse, so that the bookmaker wins
	on all the unsuccessful horses and loses only on the winning horse or
	horses.
	 -- To speak by the book, to speak with minute exactness.
	 -- Without book. (a) By memory. (b) Without authority.
	
	BOOK
	Book, v. t. [imp & p. p. Booked; p. pr. & vb. n. Booking.]
	
	1. To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
	Let it be booked with the rest of this day's deeds. Shak.
	
	2. To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of
	securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for
	Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
	
	3. To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for
	the valedictory. [Colloq.]
	Here I am booked for three days more in Paris. Charles Reade.
	

Look up word:  printing
	PRINTING
	Print"ing, n.
	
	Defn: The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or
	figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a
	printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts;
	typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints. Block
	printing. See under Block.
	 -- Printing frame (Photog.), a shallow box, usually having a glass
	front, in which prints are made by exposure to light.
	 -- Printing house, a printing office.
	 -- Printing ink, ink used in printing books, newspapers, etc. It is
	composed of lampblack or ivory black mingled with linseed or nut oil,
	made thick by boiling and burning. Other ingredients are employed for
	the finer qualities. Ure.
	 -- Printing office, a place where books, pamphlets, or newspapers,
	etc., are printed.
	 -- Printing paper, paper used in the printing of books, pamphlets,
	newspapers, and the like, as distinguished from writing paper,
	wrapping paper, etc.
	 -- Printing press, a press for printing, books, newspaper,
	handbills, etc.
	 -- Printing wheel, a wheel with letters or figures on its periphery,
	used in machines for paging or numbering, or in ticket-printing
	machines, typewriters, etc.; a type wheel.
	
	PRINTING IN
	Print"ing in. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A process by which cloud effects or other features not in the
	original negative are introduced into a photograph. Portions, such as
	the sky, are covered while printing and the blank space thus reserved
	is filled in by printing from another negative.
	
	PRINTING OUT
	Printing out. (Photog.)
	
	Defn: A method of printing, in which the image is fully brought out
	by the direct actinic action of light without subsequent development
	by means of chemicals.
	

Look up word:  and
	AND
	And, conj. Etym: [AS. and; akin to OS. endi, Icel. enda, OHG. anti,
	enti, inti, unti, G. und, D. en, OD. ende. Cf, An if, Ante-.]
	
	1. A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition.
	It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or
	a sentence with a sentence.
	
	Note: (a) It is sometimes used emphatically; as, "there are women and
	women," that is, two very different sorts of women. (b) By a
	rhetorical figure, notions, one of which is modificatory of the
	other, are connected by and; as, "the tediousness and process of my
	travel," that is, the tedious process, etc.; "thy fair and outward
	character," that is, thy outwardly fair character, Schmidt's Shak.
	Lex.
	
	2. In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially
	after try, come, go.
	At least to try and teach the erring soul. Milton.
	
	3. It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
	When that I was and a little tiny boy. Shak.
	
	4. If; though. See An, conj. [Obs.] Chaucer.
	As they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their
	eggs. Bacon.
	And so forth, and others; and the rest; and similar things; and other
	things or ingredients. The abbreviation, etc. (et cetera), or &c., is
	usually read and so forth.
	

Look up word:  vice
	VICE
	Vice, n. Etym: [F., from L. vitium.]
	
	1. A defect; a fault; an error; a blemish; an imperfection; as, the
	vices of a political constitution; the vices of a horse.
	Withouten vice of syllable or letter. Chaucer.
	Mark the vice of the procedure. Sir W. Hamilton.
	
	2. A moral fault or failing; especially, immoral conduct or habit, as
	in the indulgence of degrading appetites; customary deviation in a
	single respect, or in general, from a right standard, implying a
	defect of natural character, or the result of training and habits; a
	harmful custom; immorality; depravity; wickedness; as, a life of
	vice; the vice of intemperance.
	I do confess the vices of my blood. Shak.
	Ungoverned appetite . . . a brutish vice. Milton.
	When vice prevails, and impious men bear sway, The post of honor is a
	private station. Addison.
	
	3. The buffoon of the old English moralities, or moral dramas, having
	the name sometimes of one vice, sometimes of another, or of Vice
	itself; -- called also Iniquity.
	
	Note: This character was grotesquely dressed in a cap with ass's
	ears, and was armed with a dagger of lath: one of his chief
	employments was to make sport with the Devil, leaping on his back,
	and belaboring him with the dagger of lath till he made him roar. The
	Devil, however, always carried him off in the end. Nares.
	How like you the Vice in the play . . . I would not give a rush for a
	Vice that has not a wooden dagger to snap at everybody. B. Jonson.
	
	Syn.
	 -- Crime; sin; iniquity; fault. See Crime.
	
	VICE
	Vice, n. Etym: [See Vise.]
	
	1. (Mech.)
	
	Defn: A kind of instrument for holding work, as in filing. Same as
	Vise.
	
	2. A tool for drawing lead into cames, or flat grooved rods, for
	casements. [Written also vise.]
	
	3. A gripe or grasp. [Obs.] Shak.
	
	VICE
	Vice, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Viced; p. pr. & vb. n. Vicing.]
	
	Defn: To hold or squeeze with a vice, or as if with a vice. Shak.
	The coachman's hand was viced between his upper and lower thigh. De
	Quincey.
	
	VICE
	Vi"ce, prep. Etym: [L., abl. of vicis change, turn. See Vicarious.]
	
	Defn: In the place of; in the stead; as, A. B. was appointed
	postmaster vice C. D. resigned.
	
	VICE
	Vice, a. Etym: [Cf. F. vice-. See Vice, prep.]
	
	Defn: Denoting one who in certain cases may assume the office or
	duties of a superior; designating an officer or an office that is
	second in rank or authority; as, vice president; vice agent; vice
	consul, etc. Vice admiral. Etym: [Cf. F. vice-amiral.] (a) An officer
	holding rank next below an admiral. By the existing laws, the rank of
	admiral and vice admiral in the United States Navy will cease at the
	death of the present incumbents. (b) A civil officer, in Great
	Britain, appointed by the lords commissioners of the admiralty for
	exercising admiralty jurisdiction within their respective districts.
	 -- Vice admiralty, the office of a vice admiral.
	 -- Vice-admiralty court, a court with admiralty jurisdiction,
	established by authority of Parliament in British possessions beyond
	the seas. Abbott.
	 -- Vice chamberlain, an officer in court next in rank to the lord
	chamberlain. [Eng.] -- Vice chancellor. (a) (Law) An officer next in
	rank to a chancellor. (b) An officer in a university, chosen to
	perform certain duties, as the conferring of degrees, in the absence
	of the chancellor. (c) (R. C. Ch.) The cardinal at the head of the
	Roman Chancery.
	 -- Vice consul Etym: [cf. F. vice-consul], a subordinate officer,
	authorized to exercise consular functions in some particular part of
	a district controlled by a consul.
	 -- Vice king, one who acts in the place of a king; a viceroy.
	 -- Vice legate Etym: [cf. F. vice-légat], a legate second in rank
	to, or acting in place of, another legate.
	 -- Vice presidency, the office of vice president.
	 -- Vice president Etym: [cf. F. vice-président], an officer next in
	rank below a president.
	

Look up word:  versa
	Word not found
	VERSA

Look up word:  ABBBA
	Word not found
	ABBBA

Look up word:  NEWWORDD
	Word not found
	NEWWORDD

Look up word:  NEWWORD
	Word not found
	NEWWORD

Look up word:  mountebank
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, n. Etym: [It. montimbanco, montambanco; montare to
	mount + in in, upon + banco bench. See Mount, and 4th Bank.]
	
	1. One who mounts a bench or stage in the market or other public
	place, boasts of his skill in curing diseases, and vends medicines
	which he pretends are infalliable remedies; a quack doctor.
	Such is the weakness and easy credulity of men, that a mountebank ...
	is preferred before an able physician. Whitlock.
	
	2. Any boastful or false pretender; a charlatan; a quack.
	Nothing so impossible in nature but mountebanks will undertake.
	Arbuthnot.
	
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, v. t.
	
	Defn: To cheat by boasting and false pretenses; to gull. [R.] Shak.
	
	MOUNTEBANK
	Mount"e*bank, v. i.
	
	Defn: To play the mountebank.
	

Look up word:  Antioxidant
	ANTIOXIDANT
	Definition:	Any substance that reduces the damage caused by oxidation, such as the harm caused by free radicals.
	

Sentences: After the signatures are folded and gathered they move into the bindery In the middle of last century there were still many trade binders standalone binding companies which did no printing specializing in binding alone At that time because of the dominance of letterpress printing typesetting and printing took place in one location and binding in a different factory When type was all metal a typical worth of book worth of type would be bulky fragile and heavy The less it was moved in this condition the better so printing would be carried out in the same location as the typesetting Printed sheets on the other hand could easily be moved Now because of increasing computerization of preparing a book for the printer the typesetting part of the job has flowed upstream where it is done either by separately contracting companies working for the publisher by the publishers themselves or even by the authors Mergers in the book manufacturing industry mean that it is now unusual to find a bindery which is not also involved in book printing and vice versa ABBBA NEWWORDD NEWWORD mountebank AntioxidantAfter the signatures are folded and gathered they move into the bindery In the middle of last century there were still many trade binders standalone binding companies which did no printing specializing in binding alone At that time because of the dominance of letterpress printing typesetting and printing took place in one location and binding in a different factory When type was all metal a typical worth of book worth of type would be bulky fragile and heavy The less it was moved in this condition the better so printing would be carried out in the same location as the typesetting Printed sheets on the other hand could easily be moved Now because of increasing computerization of preparing a book for the printer the typesetting part of the job has flowed upstream where it is done either by separately contracting companies working for the publisher by the publishers themselves or even by the authors Mergers in the book manufacturing industry mean that it is now unusual to find a bindery which is not also involved in book printing and vice versa ABBBA NEWWORDD NEWWORD mountebank Antioxidant
Requesting port: 9002
Number of words to be requested: 371
Number of definitions to be recieved: 371
Elapsed time:  0:00:17.760803
